Tunisia turned the tables on Zambia Tuesday with a 1-0 win in a 2008 African Nations Cup warm-up match.
Zambia shocked their North Africa hosts with a 2-1 win Sunday courtesy of two early goals from Felix Katongo while Yacine Chikhaoui reduced arrears in the second half amid boos and jeers from furious local supporters.
Switzerland-based Chikhaoui was the hero of the second meeting, snatching the 72nd-minute winner at the 60,000-seat national stadium on the outskirts of the capital Tunis.
Tunisia, hosts and winners of the 2004 Nations Cup, have been drawn with Angola, Senegal and South Africa at the latest edition, which kicks off on January 20 in Ghana.
Zambia, whose best placings were finishing runners-up in 1974 and 1994, confront four-time winners Cameroon, defending champions Egypt and Sudan in another of the four first round mini-leagues.
Egypt, who outclassed fellow qualifiers Namibia 3-0 at home last Saturday, continue their build-up to the biennial tournament with a friendly against Mali Thursday in the United Arab Emirates.
Spanish champions Real Madrid announced on Tuesday evening that defender Gabriel Heinze will be out of action for around five weeks.
The Argentine defender suffered a torn biceps muscle in his left leg in Sunday's 2-0 defeat of Zaragoza, a win which keeps Real seven points clear of Barcelona at the top of La Liga.
Real coach Bernd Schuster will have to put out a makeshift defence in the King's Cup on Thursday away to Mallorca, since Fabio Cannavaro, Pepe and Christoph Metzelder are all carrying minor injuries.
Schuster will also be without midfielder Mahamoud Diarra for around a month.
On Wednesday Diarra will leave to join the Mali national squad preparing for the forthcoming African Nations Cup tournament.
Midfielder Fabio Santos has quit French first division leaders Lyon to be by the side of his pregnant wife in Brazil, the six-times champions said on Tuesday.
The 27-year-old is hoping for a six-month loan deal with Brazilian champions Sao Paulo after his wife decided to return to her native Brazil to give birth.
She is experiencing a few problems with her pregnancy and I have to be by her side to welcome our son. It's that simple, said Santos.
Santos, whose full name is Fabio Dos Santos Barbosa, joined Lyon from Brazilian side Cruzeiro in January 2007 but was sparingly used by former boss Gerard Houllier.
The Brazilian, who also had a brief spell with Portuguese outfit Nacional Madeira, has seen more action under current coach Alain Perrin, but suffered a setback towards the end of last year after picking up a heel injury.
Joleon Lescott's stoppage time own goal gave 10-man Chelsea a dramatic 2-1 win against Everton in the League Cup semi-final first leg at Stamford Bridge here Tuesday.
Shaun Wright-Phillips put Chelsea ahead early but John Obi Mikel was sent-off for an ugly studs-up challenge on Phil Neville and Ayegbeni Yakubu took advantage with a superb equaliser.
The pair, who had never met on opposite sides of the court, were the last two Australians remaining in the field.
The loss in just over 90 minutes leaves Hewitt with only three matches on his ledger going into Monday's start of the Australian Open.
Guccione's win helped him start clawing back points after an early loss last week in Adelaide, where he lost the final a year ago.
Left-hander Guccione will next face Czech fourth seed Tomas Berdych in the last eight.
Hewitt was denied the Sydney quarter-finals for the seventh straight time.
Women's seed swept through, led by world number one Justine Henin, who played her first match of the season after a walkover to crush Kaia Kanepi and reach the quarter-finals.
Thierry Henry's first-half strike gave Barcelona a valuable away goal and earned his side a 1-1 draw with holders Sevilla in their King's Cup last-16, first leg on Wednesday.
The France international broke away to put Barca in front but Sevilla hit back through Diego Capel just before the break.
The home side showed a greater desire to find the winner but failed to put away their chances.
Earlier, Joaquin returned to haunt his former club Real Betis, scoring both goals for Valencia in a 2-1 away win that gave Ronald Koeman's side a much-needed lift.
The Spain winger, better known for his footwork than his aerial prowess, scored with two headers in the first 12 minutes.
Betis cut the deficit early in the second half when Valencia's Juan Manuel Mata thumped Mariano Pavone's header into his own net.
Last season's finalists Getafe swept aside struggling Levante 3-0 at home, and Recreativo Huelva held on for a 1-0 win at home to high-flying Villarreal after Martin Caceres scored with a fourth-minute header.
The matches between Real Zaragoza and Racing Santander, and Athletic Bilbao and Espanyol both ended 1-1.
Primera Liga leaders Real Madrid visit Real Mallorca on Thursday, while Atletico Madrid are at home to Valladolid in the final two ties of the round.
Barca took the sting out of the first half when Henry raced onto Rafael Marquez's long pass and scored in the one-on-one after a deft piece of control in the 24th minute.
But as halftime approached the home side had Barca pegged back and when a corner flew across the area Sevilla youngster Capel drilled in a low shot at the far post.
Sevilla sought to up the tempo after the break, Ernesto Chevanton rattling the crossbar with a powerful header and Victor Valdes was at full-stretch to turn Luis Fabiano's freekick round the post.
Barca appeared content to settle for the draw though Edmilson cracked a 30-metre shot against the upright midway through the second half, and Giovani dos Santos flashed a shot just over.
Real Madrid striker Ruud van Nistelrooy has signed a one-year contract extension that keeps him with the Spanish champions until 2010, the Primera Liga club said on Wednesday.
I am delighted to be staying here for two more years. It's an honour for me to be a part of the history of Real Madrid.
The Dutch international joined Real from Manchester United in 2006 and fired in 25 league goals in his debut season to lead the side to their first Primera Liga title in four years in June.
The 31-year-old has been a central figure in driving Real seven points clear at the top of the table in the current campaign as well, and is their leading scorer with nine league goals.
Arsenal needed a late equaliser from Theo Walcott to salvage a 1-1 draw against arch-rivals Tottenham Hotspur in a pulsating League Cup semi-final first leg at the Emirates Stadium on Wednesday.
Tottenham took the lead after 37 minutes when Robbie Keane squared for Jermaine Jenas to score with a first-time, right-footed shot despite looking to be offside.
Spurs, who had not beaten Arsenal for 20 matches since November 1999 and have not won an away match against them for nearly 15 years, came within 11 minutes of ending that barren spell before Arsenal equalised.
Eduardo, who replaced Robin van Persie at halftime, found Walcott with a clever through ball and while Spurs defender Lee Young-pyo appeared to have stifled the effort, the ball bounced off him, onto Walcott's chest and into the net.
Tottenham coach Juande Ramos dropped England goalkeeper Paul Robinson for the match and his replacement, Czech Radek Cerny, and the Spurs defence needed to be at their best to survive an opening 30-minute onslaught from Arsene Wenger's young team.
Ramos was non-committal about whether Robinson was still his No.1 choice and whether he would play against Chelsea on Saturday.
He is a good goalkeeper and shown what a good keeper he can be, he told a news conference.
Despite dominating much of the first half, Arsenal's only serious attempt on goal was Nicklas Bendtner's powerful 14th-minute header, which Cerny dived to his left to save.
Spurs, knocked out by Arsenal in the semi-finals last season, gradually began to assert themselves and Steed Malbranque squandered an excellent chance to give them the lead after 32 minutes, firing wide with only goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski to beat.
A minute later Malbranque headed wide under pressure and Dimitar Berbatov, the outstanding player on the field, forced Fabianski into a fine save with a long-range shot.
Spurs were enjoying a rare spell of domination when Jenas gave them the lead.
Keane had a chance to increase Spurs' lead but shot wide early in the second half.
Jermain Defoe, who came on as a late substitute, went close to winning it for the visitors only to fire high and wide.
Arsenal manager Wenger was a relieved man afterwards.
It was a good result for us considering Tottenham made more chances than us.
In the second half I felt we were better defensively, but we didn't create much.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger denied Wednesday newspaper reports in Germany that goalkeeper Jens Lehmann was on the brink of joining Borussia Dortmund.
It's not true, Wenger told Sky Sports after Arsenal's 1-1 League Cup semi-final first leg draw at the Emirates Stadium.
Not for Jens and not for us, the Frenchman added.
I deny that Jens has agreed personal terms with Dortmund and I deny that we have an agreement with Dortmund.
The German club's sporting director Michael Zorc told Thursday's edition of the Bild newspaper: Between Lehmann and ourselves everything has been settled, we've been in permanent contact.
There are a few details to sort out, but they're nothing to do with Dortmund.
As far as salary is concerned, Jens and Dortmund have reached an agreement.
According to Zorc, a deal could be reached within the coming days, allowing Lehmann to join the team on their winter break training camp in Marbella, Spain which begins Thursday.
Germany international Lehmann has lost his Arsenal place to Manuel Almunia and Dortmund have been trying to put together a deal to take him to the Bundesliga.
The 38-year-old is out of contract at the end of the season and the Gunners are believed to be ready to offer him a free transfer.
Even though Wenger routinely fields second-string sides in the League Cup, there was no place in the team for Lehmann on Wednesday with Lukasz Fabianski in goal for Arsenal.
She might be a 31-year-old mother and considered past her prime by some, but Lindsay Davenport shapes as a dangerous floater at the Australian Open.
The former world number one, who won here in 2000, was expected to retire after 11 months off to have a baby, but she is back, and with a vengeance.
Since returning to competitive tennis in September following the birth of her son, Jagger, Davenport has won 18 of 19 matches and three of four tournaments to extend her career total to 54 WTA titles.
Along the way she has disposed of Jelena Jankovic, the world three, and Daniela Hantuchova, the world number nine, proving that she still has what it takes.
Davenport said she didn't plan to return to competition after starting a family.
But she admitted she began to feel the urge to play just weeks after giving birth in June.
The strength of her comeback has been a revelation, and her confidence is high as she heads to the first Grand Slam of the year with her sights on at least a quarter-final showing.
I started off playing a few of the smaller tournaments, tier threes and fours, and it's astonished me, she said after winning the Auckland Classic this month.
I didn't think my body would bounce back as fast as it has after giving birth, and the strain of pregnancy, so I'm excited now about going to the huge stage of the Australian Open and seeing what can happen.
Given she is now ranked 52 in the world and will be unseeded in Melbourne, the three-time Grand Slam winner will be hoping for a favourable draw, knowing the real test of where she is at lies ahead.
Sitting here now, I would be really excited to get to the quarter-finals, she said.
I don't know the level of the top few girls and don't know exactly where I am compared with them.
But I feel like I'm better than a lot of the girls out there and I'd like the opportunity to show that.
There were probably about five opponents Davenport wanted to avoid first up, including world number one Justine Henin and the Williams sisters, Venus and defending champion Serena.
But I definitely see myself as the biggest floater in the draw.
I'm sure no one would be excited to get me in the first round as well.
Hopefully, I'll get to work my way into the tournament.
Since returning to tennis, Davenport has won in Bali, Quebec, and Auckland and made the semi-finals in Beijing.
She has reached the third round at least in all 13 Australian Open campaigns she has contested since 1993, making the quarter-finals or better nine times.
Juan Arango's second-half strike gave Real Mallorca a slender advantage after they beat Primera Liga leaders Real Madrid 2-1 at home in the first leg of their King's Cup last-16 tie on Thursday.
Mallorca's Argentine striker Oscar Trejo stabbed home from close range at a corner in the 23rd minute, but two minutes later compatriot Gonzalo Higuain lashed a superb volley high into the net to level the scores.
The home side had had a good shout for a penalty waved away, but early in the second half Venezuelan forward Arango fired in a long range effort to put the 2003 winners back in front.
Both sides' goalkeepers pulled off spectacular reflex saves to deny Arango and Real substitute Javier Saviola as the half progressed, with Mallorca having the better of the game.
Atletico Madrid may be left to rue their poor finishing after being held to a 0-0 home draw by Valladolid earlier in the evening.
Atletico's Diego Forlan and Luis Garcia were guilty of the worst offences in an open contest which could have gone either way.
Valladolid's Sisi was denied a last-minute winner by a fingertip save from reserve keeper Ismael Falcon.
On Wednesday, Valencia secured a 2-1 away win over Real Betis, Getafe thumped Levante 3-0 and Recreativo Huelva beat Villarreal 1-0.
Holders Sevilla and Barcelona, Athletic Bilbao and Espanyol, Real Zaragoza and Racing Santander all drew 1-1.
The return legs are to be played next week.
Soccer news in brief from round the world on Thursday Tottenham Hotspur striker Dimitar Berbatov has been named Bulgaria's footballer of the year, ahead of Manchester City's
It is the fourth time the award has gone to the 26-year-old Berbatov, who earned 327 points in the annual poll by Bulgarian sports writers.
Petrov got 246 and Levski keeper Petkov 47.
Aston Villa could sign Pascal Chimbonda after Tottenham Hotspur manager Juande Ramos told the defender and striker Jermain Defoe they could leave the north London club.
Chimbonda's agent, Willie McKay, told Sky Sports the player would be interested in moving to Martin O'Neill's team.
He is looking to leave Tottenham and Villa are a big club with great potential,McKay said.
Barcelona's Brazilian midfielder Edmilson has torn a groin muscle but the full extent of the problem will not be known for a few more days, the club said.
The 31-year-old international had to be substituted during the second half of the 1-1 King's Cup draw away to Sevilla on Wednesday.
He had just returned to action after seven months out with a serious knee injury.
Marcos Baghdatis set up a final against Andy Roddick at the Kooyong Classic with a 6-2 7-5 win over Chilean Fernando Gonzalez on Friday, declaring himself ready for a good run at next week's Australian Open.
The Cypriot, who reached the final at Melbourne Park two years ago, coped admirably with a gusting wind at Kooyong as he tamed the big-hitting Gonzalez, who was runner-up to Roger Federer at last year's Australian Open.
I'm ready, I guess, Baghdatis told reporters.
I'm starting to feel better and better, to move better and better on the court.
Tennis-wise it's getting better, serving better, so good.
After his superb run to the final in Melbourne in 2006, Baghdatis reached the top 10 but struggled last year, before ending the season with a semi-final showing in the final Masters Series event of the year, in Paris.
The 22-year-old is seeded 15th for next week's Australian Open but has a tough draw, with former world number ones Marat Safin and Lleyton Hewitt potential opponents in the second and third rounds.
Baghdatis said he had not seen his draw, but believes he was capable of another strong showing.
I think I have the game to beat anybody, he said.
I don't want to have a big head, but I think I have, so I'll just try to go on the court and find a solution to win.
Roddick has won two of his three matches against Baghdatis but the Cyrpiot beat him at the Australian Open on the way to the final in 2006 and said he would be doing everything to win the title, despite the eight-man event only being an exhibition.
I will go on the court and try to win it, 100 percent, he said.
I won't think about the Aussie Open until after the match.
World number one Roger Federer will begin the defence of his Australian Open title against Argentine Diego Hartfield after the draw was made at Melbourne Park on Friday.
The Swiss, bidding for his 13th grand-slam title, was handed a kind draw in the early stages, though he could face a quarter-final against seventh seed Fernando Gonzalez of Chile, whom he beat in the final 12 months ago.
Federer had to pull out of the warm-up event at Kooyong because of a virus but is expected to be fully fit to play.
Third seed Novak Djokovic is his projected semi-final opponent, though Argentine David Nalbandian, who beat Federer twice at the end of last year, is lurking in the same half.
Second seed Rafael Nadal, number six Andy Roddick, eighth seed Richard Gasquet and number nine Andy Murray are all in the opposite half.
Nadal and Roddick will both play qualifiers in the first round, while Murray has a tough opening match against Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, the world number 38 from France.
Women's top seed Justine Henin of Belgium takes on Aiko Nakimura of Japan in the first round.
The Belgian, who won the French Open and U.S. Open in 2007, has a seemingly clear path through to the quarter-finals, where she is scheduled to play fifth seed Maria Sharapova.
However, the Russian is likely to face a tough second-round match against former champion Lindsay Davenport.
Davenport, who is unseeded this year, has won three titles in her four events since returning to the tour in September, having had a year off, during which she had her first child.
Serena Williams will begin the defence of her title against Jarmila Gajdosova, a Slovakia-born wildcard now playing for Australia.
The seventh seed, who won her eighth grand-slam title 12 months ago, is scheduled to play third seed Jelena Jankovic of Serbia in the quarter-finals, while Henin would be her likely semi-final opponent.
American Venus Williams, seeded eighth, is in the opposite half and could play Frenchwoman Marion Bartoli, whom she beat to win the Wimbledon title last year, in the fourth round.
Williams would then be likely to play fourth seed Ana Ivanovic of Serbia in the quarter-finals.
World number 12 Tommy Haas, a former semi-finalist at Melbourne Park, pulled out on the eve of the draw because of injury.
Iraq international midfielder Nashat Akram, who plays for Al-Ain in the United Arab Emirates, is set to sign for Premiership club Manchester City, an official of the Emirati club said on Friday.
According to official Hamad ben Nakhirat al-Ameri, the clubs have reached agreement, the medical has been undertaken, but no contract has been signed.
Neither a transfer fee nor length of contract was revealed.
The contract has yet to be signed, but the deal is almost done, he told AFP.
The 23-year-old Akram was third in the vote for the 2007 Asian player of the year and was part of the Iraq team which won the Asian Cup for the first time in July last year.
Egypt sent a warning to rivals for their African Nations Cup crown when they crushed Cameroon 4-2 in the Group C opener in Kumasi on Tuesday.
Striker Mohamed Zidan scored a double and Hosni Abd Rabou also struck twice for the five-times African champions with Samuel Eto'o netting Cameroon's two at the Baba Yara stadium.
Zambia took the early lead in the group courtesy of a 3-0 victory over Sudan in the later match.
James Chamanga, drafted into the starting line-up in place of suspended captain Chris Katongo, took just one minute and 45 seconds to fire Zambia ahead.
Jacob Mulenga headed the second six minutes after the interval and Felix Katongo was quickest to a parried save to add a third just before the hour.
However, all eyes were on the first game of the day featuring title holders Egypt and serious contenders Cameroon, who have won the title four times.
The first half was one-sided with Hosni opening the scoring after 14 minutes with a penalty.
The Indomitable Lions were nowhere to be seen and fell two goals behind three minutes later when Zidan beat keeper Carlos Idriss Kameni from close range at the end of a swift counter-attack.
Worse was to come for Cameroon with Zidan giving Egypt a three-goal advantage at halftime with a wonderful shot that went under Kameni's crossbar.
Even though Cameroon coach Otto Pfister reshuffled his midfield at halftime, Egypt were simply too good for the 2002 champions.
Eto'o pulled a goal back on 51 minutes but his side's hopes were dashed nine minutes from time when Hosni scored his second with a 25-metre drive.
We are not here just to be part of the tournament, we are here to win a second successive title, Zidan told Ghanaian television channel TV3.
We give everything, we have to be in the final in Accra.
Eto'o doubled his personal tally in injury time with a penalty and is now only one goal short of the Nations Cup record of 14 set by Ivory Coast's Laurent Pokou in 1970.
Premier League Fulham were knocked out of the FA Cup by League One third division.
Fulham, second-last in the Premier League, failed to impose themselves on their supposed inferiors during 120 goalless minutes on a heavy pitch, just as they struggled in the 2-2 Craven Cottage draw in the original match.
Fulham, who have not won in their last 13 games, had defender Dejan Sefanovic sent off in extra time and went down 5-3 on penalties.
In the fourth round this weekend Rovers will visit Barnet, who upset League One Swindon after they finished 1-1 after extra time.
Swindon contrived to miss the four penalties they took in the shootout, allowing the League Two fourth division side to advance by scoring two.
Derby County, bottom of the Premier League, scraped into a fourth-round home game with Preston North End after they finished level at 1-1 after extra time against Sheffield Wednesday at a sodden Hillsborough.
Steve Watson shot Wednesday into a 10th-minute lead and they were the better side for most of the first half.
Kenny Miller equalised for Derby with a nice curler two minutes after the restart but both teams looked short of ideas as the game went into the extra 30 minutes and Derby, with only one league win to their name this season, won the shootout 4-2.
Deportivo Coruna midfielder Juan Carlos Valeron has been given the all-clear to play again after being sidelined for two years because of a series of serious knee injuries, the Primera Liga side said on Tuesday.
The 32-year-old, who has been capped 46 times for Spain, first underwent surgery after tearing the cruciate ligament in his left knee in Jan. 2006.
He returned to action six months later only to tear the ligament again while playing in a pre-season friendly.
After a second operation he was given the green light to play again in Jan. 2007 but continued to feel pain in his knee and went under the knife for a third time in March last year in an attempt to save his career.
His club Deportivo have struggled this season and are in 19th place in the 20-team Primera Liga, five points behind Real Murcia.
Steve Nash helped the Phoenix Suns overturn a nine-point, fourth-quarter deficit and post a 114-105 road victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Tuesday.
The All-Star guard scored 15 of his season-high 37 points in the final period and tallied 10 assists in total as Phoenix became the first team in the Western Conference to reach 30 wins this season.
The Suns are 30-12, second only to the Boston Celtics for the best record in the league.
Phoenix also continued their domination of Milwaukee, winning 30 of the last 34 games against the Bucks since March 28, 1991.
During that run, the Suns are 20-0 against the Bucks in Phoenix.
Amare Stoudemire had 19 points and 12 rebounds and Raja Bell also scored 19 points for the Suns, but the stage belonged to Nash.
That's what he means to us, Bell told reporters.
If he doesn't get those opportunities to score you can pretty much bank on the fact that he will find the guy who is wide open.
If teams choose to play us like that, it's fine because he is probably our best shooter.
The Suns were also bolstered by the return of Grant Hill to the starting line-up, the guard coming back less than two weeks after undergoing an appendectomy on Jan. 9.
He had eight points in 27 minutes.
Michael Redd scored 28 points for the Bucks, but could only register two in the fourth quarter.
Andrew Bogut had 19 points and 13 rebounds in the loss.
They have a couple of All-Star type players that made some plays, Milwaukee coach Larry Krystkowiak said.
Steve Nash came up huge.
It's a tough one to swallow.
Our guys really played hard.
The Sacramento Kings benefited from having their three leading players in the starting line-up for the first time this season with a 128-94 thumping of the visiting New Jersey Nets.
Ron Artest scored 27 points, Kevin Martin 19 and Mike Bibby 15 as the Kings won their third straight game.
Vince Carter had 21 points and eight assists for the Nets, who lost their sixth straight game.
Holders Chelsea will meet London rivals Tottenham Hotspur in next month's League Cup final at Wembley Stadium after beating Everton 1-0 in the second leg of their semi-final at Goodison Park on Wednesday.
Chelsea, holding a 2-1 first-leg lead, wrapped up an evenly balanced tie after 69 minutes when Joe Cole scored with a brilliant strike after a long raking pass from Florent Malouda.
Forward Cole controlled the ball superbly with his first touch before firing past goalkeeper Tim Howard from 12 metres.
Earlier Nicolas Anelka hit the Everton crossbar while Joleon Lescott went close for the home side after only 10 minutes but saw a fine header scrambled away by Chelsea keeper Petr Cech.
Cech had double reason to celebrate at the end after becoming a father for the first time earlier in the day.
He also had an outstanding game and kept Everton out with a series of fine saves from, among others, Phil Neville and Phil Jagielka as Everton, battling to reach the final for the first time since 1984, pressurised the visitors defence.
But with Ricardo Carvalho also playing superbly at the back, Chelsea held firm and gradually took control of the game.
Cole told Sky Sports: It's great to be in with a chance of winning the trophy.
They are a top side and always give us a great game.
After losing semi-finals at Liverpool before, it will be a nice flight home tonight.
Chelsea coach Avram Grant added: It was a big test of character for us, a big challenge but we played well.
Any chance of winning a trophy we'll take.
Israeli Grant, who took over from Jose Mourinho in September, has now led Chelsea to a major final in his first season in charge as has Spurs' Spanish coach Juande Ramos.
Ramos, who took over from Martin Jol in October, saw his team reach Wembley on Tuesday when they ended an eight-year winless streak against arch-rivals Arsenal, thumping them 5-1 at White Hart Lane to earn a 6-2 aggregate triumph.
While Chelsea will be in the final for the third time in four seasons, Spurs have reached their first final since 2002 when they lost to Blackburn Rovers in Cardiff.
Chelsea have won the trophy four times in 1965, 1998, 2005 and last year when they also won the FA Cup. Spurs victories came in 1971, 1973 and 1999.
The only other occasion Chelsea and Tottenham have met in a major final was in 1967 when Spurs won 2-1 in the first all-London FA Cup final at Wembley Stadium.
They were due to meet at White Hart Lane in a Premier League match on Feb. 23 but instead will face each other in the first League Cup final at the new Wembley the following day.
Olympique Lyon bounced back from two defeats in a row with a 2-0 home win over Lorient on Wednesday that put the six-times champions six points clear at the top of Ligue 1.
Lyon, who had worried their fans last week with a 1-0 League Cup quarter-final defeat at Le Mans followed by a 3-0 league thrashing at Racing Lens, recaptured their winning ways thanks to a goal in each half from Hatem Ben Arfa and Karim Benzema.
Ben Arfa opened the scoring from 20 metres on 29 minutes and fellow 20-year-old France forward Benzema wrapped it up in the 74th, scoring his 14th league goal this season from the edge of the box.
Coach Alain Perrin's team moved to 45 points from 22 games, six ahead of second-placed Girondins Bordeaux, who were entertaining St Etienne on Wednesday.
Third-placed Nancy dropped eight points off the pace after a 1-1 home draw with Olympique Marseille.
Midfielder Jonathan Brison put Nancy ahead from a free kick early in the second half but the visitors equalised with a late volley from France playmaker Samir Nasri.
Lens had earlier moved out of relegation zone with a 2-1 win at 10-man Valenciennes after substitute Kevin Monnet-Paquet got the winner.
Forward Steve Savidan opened the scoring for the home side after 33 minutes but Lens levelled with a header from Brazilian defender Hilton just before halftime.
Valenciennes defender Guillaume Rippert was sent off in the 57th minute for blocking forward Monnet-Paquet, who scored six minutes later to wrap up the points for Lens.
Lens climb two spots to 16th in the 20-strong league, with Valenciennes, who conceded their first home defeat of the season, dropping a place to seventh.
Two impressive long-range shots in the final minutes gave Tunisia and South Africa draws in their opening African Nations Cup Group D games in Tamale on Wednesday
Mejdi Traoui fired in a 30-metre drive under Tony Sylva's crossbar seven minutes from time to give 2004 champions Tunisia a 2-2 draw against Senegal.
Later on Wednesday, substitute Elrio van Heerden netted with a superb, curling shot from 22 metres with two minutes remaining to give 2010 World Cup hosts South Africa a 1-1 draw with Angola at the Tamale Sports Stadium.
Senegal appeared to be cruising to victory when Diomansy Kamara put them in front in the 66th minute following a free kick from the right.
But with six minutes left, the ball fell to Traoui, who scored with a shot which flew into the top right hand corner.
Tunisia had opened the scoring through forward Issam Jomaa on nine minutes with Moustapha Bayal Sall equalising on the stroke of halftime.
Tunisia's coach Roger Lemerre walked out of the post-match media conference as Senegalese journalists fought amongst themselves, causing bedlam in the interview room.
In the following game, Manucho headed Angola in front on the half hour.
Fielding an experimental team in their bid to give younger players more experience for 2010, South Africa had the ball in the net shortly before their equaliser but a goal was disallowed for offside.
Angola goalkeeper Lama denied South Africa an injury-time winner when he parried a shot from outside the area.
The tournament returns to Accra's Ohene Djan stadium on Thursday when hosts Ghana take on Namibia and Morocco play Guinea.
Barcelona star Ronaldinho will be back in action from next week, meaning he should be fit to take his place in the Spanish Cup quarter-final return with Villareal, the club said Thursday.
The player is currently in the final stages of his physical rehabilitation and the pain in his left knee has gone, as a result of which he will be ready to play next week, the Catalan club said in a statement.
All the tests undertaken have given good results.
Ronaldinho has not played in 2008 owing to tendonitis in the knee and Barca have suffered over the six matches he has been away, with Real Madrid moving seven points clear in La Liga.
Boston Celtics forward Kevin Garnett topped the voting for the NBA all-star game line-ups announced on Thursday.
Garnett, who will be appearing in his 11th all-star game received over 2.3 million votes, pipping LeBron James of Cleveland who will be the other forward on the Eastern Conference starting team, to be coached by Boston's Doc Rivers.
Los Angeles Lakers guard Kobe Bryant led the Western Conference voting with just over two million votes.
Bryant became the youngest all-star in NBA history in 1998 and he will team up with Denver Nuggets forward Carmelo Anthony, making his first career start in the showcase game.
Chinese center Yao Ming of Houston is the only non-American player named as a starter for the 57th edition of the game, which will be played at the New Orleans Arena on Feb 17.
Claude Makelele is ready to step into midfield again on Saturday to try and help Chelsea past Wigan Athletic and into the fifth round of the FA Cup.
Chelsea travel to the JJB Stadium with confidence after booking a League Cup final clash against Tottenham, thanks to their midweek success at Everton.
However, they have Michael Essien, Didier Drogba, Salomon Kalou and John Obi Mikel at the African Nations Cup while John Terry, Frank Lampard, Michael Ballack and Andriy Shevchenko all have injuries and are expected to miss out on Saturday.
Branislav Ivanovic is likely to make his debut, but one man who will become more important than usual is Makelele.
All the time I've been careful and I have had a good conversation with the manager and he knows me, Makelele explained.
He knows that I don't have the need to play all the time and he has good young players - John Obi Mikel, Michael Essien - who need more time for playing.
I am here for some games.
The manager knows I am here for the team when my experience is wanted.
When I do my job I am thinking about the team, not myself.
Chelsea have conceded just one goal in their last four games, all of which they have won.
But Wigan are in good form too, losing just one of their last four matches.
Wigan manager Steve Bruce admits he has concerns about the state of the pitch at the JJB Stadium ahead of this weekend's encounter.
I know we have had some unbelievable weather recently and it doesn't seem to have stopped raining, but the pitch is a concern, said Bruce.
If you are a Premier League team, you need a decent pitch and that could certainly affect us.
Forward Emile Heskey is out of the clash due to a back injury but is expected to recover for the Premier League trip to Middlesbrough next Tuesday.
One man who is expected to keep his place in the side, however, is defender Titus Bramble.
He made a mistake in their last match against Everton, allowing Andrew Johnson to open the scoring as the Toffees went on to record a victory.
Times are tough at Wigan as they battle against relegation, but this fixture gives them some respite from league troubles.
Titus has had to cope with this sort of thing before, and he is strong mentally which he needs to be, said Bruce.
All players make mistakes, but it is how they respond which matters.
In the second half against Everton, I thought he gave a towering display.
Holder Nadia Petrova of Russia made an early exit from the Paris Open when Ukraine's Kateryna Bondarenko beat her 7-6 3-6 6-4 in the first round on Tuesday.
Petrova, seeded fifth at the indoor event, had her chances and opened up a 4-2 lead in the third set but showed signs of nerves at crucial moments.
Bondarenko hit a forehand wide on the first match point but on the second Petrova netted a forehand to bow out after two hours and 25 minutes.
Two-times champion Amelie Mauresmo delighted the home crowd by outplaying American qualifier Julie Ditty 6-1 6-2 in just 56 minutes in the day's last match.
Former world number one Mauresmo, who lost in the third round of last month's Asutralian Open, decided not to play Fed Cup in order to concentrate on her preparations for the Paris tournament.
Without her, France lost to China in a quarter-final tie in Beijing at the weekend.
Hungary Agnes Szavay, seeded seventh, also advanced comfortably, crushing Olga Govortsova of Belarus 6-1 6-1.
The top four seeds have a first-round bye and enter the tournament from Wednesday.
Thailand suffered a double blow on Tuesday on the eve of their World Cup qualifying match against Japan when they learned two of their players could not play because of accumulated bookings.
Thailand coach Chanvit Phalajivin was surprised to learn that he could not use midfielder Datsakorn Thonglao or Manchester City FC defender Suree Sukha because of the number of yellow cards they had picked up in previous matches.
I didn't receive any information from either Asian Football Confederation or FIFA world football's governing body before.
They told me today.
If I cannot use them, I wouldn't have brought them to Japan, said Chanvit after an official training session at the Saitama stadium, near Tokyo.
Thailand played the first and second qualifying rounds, while Japan didn't, so they have no accumulated yellow cards.
Do you think it's fair? We submitted the list of players a month ago.
The Thai players also have to battle against cold weather conditions, which Chanvit admitted were a major disadvantage.
I must say we are not used to the cold weather.
It gives an advantage to the Japanese players.
I also admit that Japan are number one in Asia, a better team than Thailand, said Chanvit.
Of course, it's difficult to beat them, but anything is possible if you do your best.
Maybe we can cause a surprise.
I really want to take three points from a win.
Japan coach Takeshi Okada is confident that his players can cope with the Thai tactics on Wednesday whether they pressure his side or play defensively.
We did everything in our preparation and now it's the time that my players fight on the pitch, said Okada.
It's mentally important to win the first game and it's always difficult to play the first game, but otherwise, it's the same as the second or third game.
I know Thailand studied us and analysed our tactics.
Ghana striker Junior Agogo has received an unusual offer from an 82-year-old fan in appreciation of his exploits at the African Nations Cup semi-final - his granddaughter.
The proposal was made after the Nottingham Forest forward's late winner in the 2-1 success over Nigeria which put the hosts into Thursday's semi-final with Cameroon.
Agogo, who also scored the only goal to beat Namibia in the first round, was approached by the octagenarian fan at the team's hotel 24 hours after Sunday's quarter-final win.
The man, who gave his name as Nana, told the Ghana star: I came here last night with my very beautiful granddaughter to introduce her to you.
She is not here with me now because she wanted to pick something from town.
Son, when she comes, she is all yours.
According to the report on The Daily Graphic's online site on Tuesday the 28-year-old forward took the proposition in his stride, telling the elderly Black Stars supporter: Thank you very much, I appreciate that and I am waiting to see her.
Former Romanian coach Anghel Iordanescu became a senator for the opposition party the Social Democrats on Tuesday.
The 57-year-old guided Romania to the 1994 World Cup quarter-finals and admitted that back then he would never have thought he would become a senator.
In 1994, I would never have imagined that one day I would be a senator, said Iordanescu, who takes over the senatorial seat of Ilfov, north of Bucharest.
Iordanescu, who played for Steaua Bucharest from 1968 to 1982 and was capped 64 times for Romania, scoring 26 goals, has enjoyed an up-and-down coaching career.
He was assistant coach when Steaua won the European Cup in 1986 and then took over the reins till 1990.
He has twice been national coach, the first spell from 1993-1998 when apart from the quarter-final appearance in the 1994 World Cup, Romania went out in the first round of Euro '96 and the second round of the 1998 World Cup.
He was recalled as national coach when former playing great Gheorghe Hagi failed to guide the side into the 2002 World Cup, but Iordanescu was let go when they failed to qualify for the Euro 2004 finals.
Since then he coached Saudi Arabian side Al-Ittihad and Al Ain in the United Arab Emirates.
A stylish Italy beat Portugal 3-1 on a night of friendly matches between Euro 2008 rivals that left tournament co-hosts Switzerland and Austria among the losers on Wednesday.
While the world champions were thrilling the crowd in Zurich, Switzerland lost 2-1 to non-qualifiers England in a winning start for new Italian boss Fabio Capello at Wembley Stadium.
Austria had Germany on the ropes for the first 45 minutes at Vienna's Ernst Happel stadium before Thomas Hitzlsperger blasted the ball in from the edge of the box after 53 minutes to set Germany on their way to a 3-0 win.
The Netherlands beat Croatia, tipped by many as dark horses for the tournament after an impressive qualifying run, by the same scoreline in Split.
Spain beat 2006 World Cup finalists France 1-0 in Malaga thanks to a late goal from left back Joan Capdevila in another high profile dress rehearsal for the June tournament.
It was only the second time Spain have beaten France, who face Italy in Euro 2008 Group C along with the Netherlands and Romania, in their last 11 meetings.
The only disappointment for the home side came just before kickoff when Barcelona forward Bojan Krkic, 17, missed a chance to become Spain's youngest cap after he suffered a recurrence of stomach problems.
Italy shone with goals from Luca Toni, Fabio Cannavaro and Fabio Quagliarella while winger Ricardo Quaresma scored for Portugal.
This national team has grown very much and we don't want to lose even these matches. That shows we are mature, said Cannavaro.
Midfielder Jermaine Jenas made another Italian happy when he scored the first goal of England's new era after 40 minutes, finding the net with a first-time left foot shot after superb work down the left from Joe Cole.
Switzerland equalised when debutant Eren Derdiyok, a halftime substitute, scored with a left-foot shot on the turn after 58 minutes but England substitute Shaun Wright-Phillips made it 2-1 four minutes later.
Austria did not even have the consolation of a goal despite a promising first half display.
Miroslav Klose made it 2-0 to Germany with his 37th international goal in the 63rd minute and substitute Mario Gomez headed home the third 10 minutes from time.
The Netherlands coasted to an impressive victory in Split with goals from John Heitinga, Klaas Jan Huntelaar and Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink.
The match was Croatia's first since they beat England 3-2 at Wembley in November and continued the country's winless record in the Adriatic city since independence from the former Yugoslavia in 1991.
I can only congratulate the Dutch, they were the better team and deserved to win.
We let in very soft goals and gave away possession far too easily, said Croatia coach Slaven Bilic.
In other matches between Euro 2008 finalists, Turkey and Sweden played out a goalless draw in front of 20,000 spectators in Istanbul while Poland beat the Czech Republic 2-0 in Cyprus.
Romania stumbled in their preparations when they lost 1-0 to Israel in Tel Aviv after midfielder Ovidiu Petre was sent off in the 22nd minute.
Omer Golan scored the only goal from a Moshe Ohayon corner three minutes later.
European champions Greece scored twice in the space of five minutes in the second half to beat non-qualifiers Finland 2-1 in Cyprus.
Nathalie Dechy, Virginie Razzano and Alize Cornet helped ease their Fed Cup misery as the trio of home hopes advanced to the second round of the WTA tournament here on Wednesday.
Dechy ousted China's Peng Shuai in straight sets as Razzano needed three sets to get past eighth-seeded Alona Bondarenko of the Ukraine.
Peng, 22, had been a key player in China's 3-2 World Group success over France at the weekend when she gave the hosts their first point with a surprise win over Razzano in Beijing.
But the French proved they are masters at home with Dechy beating Peng, and Razzano coming away winner at the Pierre de Coubertin stadium.
They were later joined by teenager Cornet who got past Czech qualifier Klara Zakopalova.
It was revenge even if it doesn't make up for the defeat at the weekend, said wild card Dechy, who lost her doubles tie with Razzano in China.
Peng missed her chance to force a third set as she threw away a 6-1 lead in the tie-break.
I thought it was going to be a third set.
So I said to myself 'you have to give it everything you have', said a jet-lagged Dechy.
Peng admitted: I never had that happen in a tie-break before - being 6-1 up.
I tried to fight but didn't have the confidence on the court today.
People were supporting her but that wasn't really part of it.
They played in China and that was very difficult for them as well.
Dechy, ranked 64th, looked in command early in her first meeting against 50th-ranked Peng, wrapping up the first set with two breaks.
But Dechy, making her 11th appearance in Paris, showed signs of fatigue in the second, being broken as she served for the match at 5-3, with Peng winning three games in a row before the French player broke back to force a tense tie-break.
The 28-year-old Dechy next meets top-seeded Russian Anna Chakvetadze, the recipient of a first round bye.
Razzano, meanwhile, had a tougher time getting past Bondarenko despite coasting through the first set.
She received courtside treatment for her aching back and thigh muscles twice in the third set before achieving her first win in three meetings with the Ukrainian after just over two hours.
I obviously feel very tired.
I had three big matches this weekend, said Razzano.
I'm satisfied and proud of myself to have won despite the suffering.
She next meets Cornet, 18, who also needed two hours to advance to the second round for the first time after making her debut last year.
Fellow French players Amelie Mauresmo, the sixth seed, and Marion Bartoli, seeded third, have also qualified for the second round.
Seven soccer players from former club Liaoning Guangyuan have been charged with match-fixing, the Singaporean league said on Wednesday.
The Chinese club, who played just one season in Singapore, was kicked out at the end of the 2007 season.
Nobody at the club was immediately available for comment.
S.League CEO Winston Lee said that if found guilty, the league would call for worldwide life bans for the seven.
Match-fixing is a serious offence and a threat to the credibility of the game, he said in a statement.
If they are guilty, we hope that the punishment meted out will send out a strong message that there is no place for corruption in football here.
Anyone that falls foul of the law here will have to bear the severe consequences of their actions.
The players have already been suspended from all forms of football activities in Singapore and they will be permanently banned should they be found guilty, he added
The Singapore Football Association will also be recommending to AFC and FIFA to extend their life bans worldwide should that be the case.
Asia has long been blighted by soccer corruption scandals.
Last year, a Vietnamese court sentenced four soccer referees to jail for bribery and match-fixing.
In November, Interpol uncovered $680 million worth of illegal soccer betting across Asia after a series of raids.
Planning for the raids took place from June and was timed to match the start of major soccer seasons, with illegal betting found in all the participating countries: Singapore, China, Hong Kong, Macau, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam.
Spain snatched a 1-0 win over World Cup finalists France thanks to a late goal from left back Joan Capdevila in a Euro 2008 warm-up on Wednesday.
France dominated for most of a tactical and conservative friendly, but the game burst into life when Capdevila put Spain in front snapping in a rebound from close range 10 minutes from time.
Thierry Henry had two great chances to equalise but his first flew wide of the post and his second was blocked by the ever alert Spain keeper Iker Casillas.
It was only the second time Spain have beaten France in their last 11 meetings, a victory that compensated for an otherwise unfortunate evening for the home side.
Barcelona forward Bojan Krkic missed his chance to become Spain's youngest cap when he suffered a recurrence of stomach problems shortly before kickoff, while striker Fernando Torres and defender Angel both went off injured.
It's frustrating when you see our performance.
We could at least not have lost, said France coach Raymond Domenech.
It's a shame because we played the way I wanted, the way I expected us to do, he told reporters.
I'm pleased because we created some opportunities.
France looked the better side in the first half, gaining the upper hand in midfield and carrying more of a threat up front.
Striker Nicolas Anelka cracked a fierce shot just wide of the post in the opening minutes and then forced a great one-handed save from Casillas with another angled effort.
Spain rarely threatened Gregory Coupet's goal, their only real chance coming when midfielder Xavi lashed a curling free kick into the side netting on 13 minutes.
Their attacking power was further diminished when Torres was forced off with what looked like a thigh strain midway through the half.
France continued to dominate after the break but failed to take advantage and Capdevila gave Spain the lead when he stabbed home from two metres after midfielder Lassana Diarra had headed a fierce Andres Iniesta shot off the line.
In a frantic final few minutes, France substitute Karim Benzema hit the bar with a powerful header and Henry sliced wide with his follow-up and then had an injury-time chance blocked by Casillas.
France are a very difficult side to play against and neither team had many chances, said Spain coach Luis Aragones.
After the goal we lost control of the ball and we were lucky not to concede one ourselves.
Norway's Petter Solberg, driving a Subaru Impreza, topped the time charts in the opening super-special stage of the Rally of Sweden on Thursday.
World champion Sebastien Loeb, who won the season-opener in Monte Carlo last month, was fourth fastest over the 1.9km course at the Karlstad racecourse in his Citroen.
The Frenchman, just 1.1sec behind 2003 world champion Solberg.
Has reached another milestone here as he and co-driver Daniel Elena are competing in their 100th rally together.
The Ford Focus duo of Jari-Matti Latvala and Mikko Hirvonen were in second and third-place respectively on a treacherous super-special stage.
Australia's Chris Atkinson, who was third in Monte-Carlo, came off worst.
His Subaru Impreza stalled on the start line and he lost precious seconds as a result.
Atkinson finished 7.3secs behind his teammate.
The first full day of the race is on Friday with seven stages.
Loeb's Spanish teammate Dani Sordo faces a tough examination this weekend after being penalised five minutes for changing the engine in his Citroen after the race in Monte Carlo.
Malaysian badminton clubs may soon be forced to pay transfer fees after former All England champion Hafiz Hashim abruptly switched teams because of financial problems, local media reported on Friday.
Hafiz quit financially troubled professional team Nusa Mahsur after nine years to join KLRC because he was unhappy the club was unable to add to the $170 monthly allowance he receives from the Badminton Association of Malaysia BAM.
BAM President Nadzmi Salleh told the New Straits Times newspaper that it would look at introducing the transfer fees to compensate clubs for developing players before they moved on.
There must be a guideline if a player wants to leave after enjoying the benefits for several years.
We are looking into introducing transfer fees, Nadzmi was quoted as saying.
Hafiz's BAM allowance, which is paid as part of the national body's package to players who qualify for the Beijing Olympics, was reduced from $780 last October due to a run of poor results.
Hafiz, who won the All England title in 2003, has failed to reach the semi-finals of a major international tournament in more than a year.
I was told that $170 was sufficient because as an elite player I was given accommodation and food, Hafiz had told The Star newspaper earlier.
But I am married now and I have more responsibilities.
No one seemed to understand this.
I trained as hard as anyone else but I did not get what I was due.
Little-known American Kent Jones upstaged some of the biggest names in the game by charging one stroke clear in the Pebble Beach National Pro-Am first round on Thursday.
The 41-year-old journeyman from New Mexico fired a six-under-par 66 in relatively benign conditions at Pebble Beach Golf Links, one of three venues being used this week.
John Mallinger carded a 67 at Poppy Hills to lie one off the pace, level with fellow Americans Roland Thatcher and Tour rookie Brad Adamonis, who both opened at Spyglass Hill.
Long-hitting J.B. Holmes, who won last week's Phoenix Open in a playoff with Phil Mickelson, was among a group of 10 bunched on 68 after starting out at Spyglass Hill.
Jones, who improved his status on the PGA Tour by tying for 11th at last year's qualifying school, birdied his first two holes in glorious sunshine to reach the turn in four-under 32.
He rolled in a 15-foot birdie putt at the par-four fourth, his 13th hole of the day, before picking up another stroke at the par-three seventh, where he hit his tee shot to six feet.
But I didn't expect to putt as well as I did today, that is a surprise, added Jones, whose best PGA Tour finish was a tie for sixth at the 2006 Lumber Classic.
A Real Madrid fan was stabbed before the Champions League last 16 first-leg match with AS Roma on Tuesday, Italian media said.
The young fan was taken to hospital suffering from cuts to his backside after the incident in a square, the ambulance service was quoted as saying.
Italy has a soccer hooligan problem and a series of knife attacks have been reported before matches in the Italian capital in recent months.
Second seed Nikolay Davydenko of Russia cruised to a 6-3 6-3 first-round win over Czech qualifier Jan Hernych at the World Indoor Tournament on Tuesday.
Spaniard David Ferrer, seeded three, also advanced with a 6-4 7-5 victory over Italy's Simone Bolelli but eighth-seeded Cypriot Marcos Baghdatis was beaten 6-3 3-6 6-4 by Swede Robin Soderling.
I wasn't feeling well today and needed more time to get adapted to the surface which is much slower than Marseille last week, world number 21 Baghdatis told reporters.
I really wanted to win because I am sure I would have felt better further on in the tournament.
Dutchman Raemon Sluiter, who said he would retire when his involvement in this tournament ended, bowed out as he lost 6-1 7-6 to Michael Llodra of France.
Olga Govortsova of Belarus was handed a second-round clash against top seed Ana Ivanovic when Indian opponent Sania Mirza was forced to retire with cramp in the third set of their match on Tuesday.
Govortsova, the world number 50, lost the opening set 6-4 and saved two match points in the second before taking it 7-5 in a tiebreak.
She went 3-2 up in the third when Mirza called a halt to the match.
I felt it in my left calf and it was the worst time because I had just broken her and I was serving for the match, Mirza, who first felt the problem at 4-4 in the second, told reporters.
Then my left hamstring started going, then my groin and right calf and I couldn't move.
I couldn't go down on my serve anymore because my calf wouldn't let me.
Marion Bartoli, seeded eight, suffered a 6-2 6-3 defeat by 17-year old Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark in the second round, continuing her run of indifferent results since she reached the 2007 Wimbledon final.
Agnes Szavay of Hungary, seeded 13, was beaten 7-6 6-0 by Japan's Ai Sugiyama in the first round.
There were first-round victories for ninth seed Patty Schnyder of Switzerland, who beat Austrian teenager Tamira Paszek 6-4 6-0, and 11th-seeded Russian Dinara Safina, who defeated Katarina Srebotnik of Slovenia 6-2 6-4.
The news that Berti Vogts had on Wednesday quit with immediate effect as Nigeria coach has been welcomed by many involved in football in the country.
Vogts resigned from his post less than three weeks after the team crashed out in the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations.
A statement issued by his lawyers said that the German coach took the action because the measures and the behaviour of the Nigerian Football Association during and after the African Cup have led to a loss of confidence concerning further cooperation.
Further cooperation is impossible.
Tukur Babangida, chairman of Premier League club side, Kano Pillars FC, welcomed the news of the 61-year-old's departure.
It is a welcome development that he left honourably, he said.
Vogts had shown that he had nothing to offer Nigeria.
It is good that he left without waiting to be dragged to FIFA or to CAF
Garba Ubaliyo, a former NFA board member, said he had long expected Vogt's resignation, as did Alhassan Yakmut, the acting Executive Secretary of the Nigeria Football League.
Who added that Vogts surprised him by waiting this long before throwing in the towel.
Ubaliyo blamed the NFA for the situation that led to Nigeria recording its worst outing at the Nations Cup finals in 26 years with the 2-1 quarter-final loss to hosts Ghana on February 3.
If after our outing at the France '98 World Cup finals, we had kept to continuity, things won't have been like this.
We have never put things in order, he said.
The former Yobe State Director of Sports in Nigeria's north suggested that it was time the NFA started to look closer to home for a new coach.
We should start grooming our own coaches to be able to take over permanently.
Look at Egypt, they had a local coach who looked inward and used mostly players from the local league to achieve success, he said.
Look at their team, it is one to watch out for in the next few years.
Ray Nnaji, a member of the Nigeria Football League board, called for the employment of one out of Stephen Keshi, Samson Siasia or former Super Eagles captain Sunday Oliseh, as replacement for Vogts.
Anyone of these ex-internationals can do the job.
But if they still insist on a foreign coach, I think Clemens Westerhof will be a better option, Nnaji said.
Vogts was in charge of Nigeria since January 2007 on a deal valid until the 2010 World Cup in South Africa.
He has also coached Germany, Kuwait and Scotland in the past, winning the Euro 1996 title with Germany.
Ernie Els became the first big name to fall by the wayside when he was crushed 6&5 by American Jonathan Byrd in the opening round of the WGC-Accenture Match Play Championship on Wednesday.
The South African world number four bogeyed four of the first nine holes before losing the match on the 13th green.
Byrd, world-ranked 63rd, reeled off six birdies in a flawless display at Dove Mountain's Gallery Golf Club.
The 30-year-old American, a three-times winner on the PGA Tour, is making his debut in the first World Golf Championships event of the year.
Medical staff in Paris say three-time former world footballer of the year Ronaldo should be able to leave the clinic which operated on his left knee by the end of the week.
The 31-year-old AC Milan striker last Thursday underwent surgery at the Pitie-Salpetriere hospital in Paris on the tendon ruptured in his club's 1-1 draw against Livorno at the San Siro the day before.
And a medical official told AFP on Wednesday: He won't be leaving on Thursday, it's more likely to be Friday.
Ronaldo is due to remain in Paris for physiotherapy for another 10 days before returning to Milan to continue treatment.
Arsenal will have to do it the hard way if they are to advance in the Champions League after being held to a frustrating 0-0 draw by AC Milan in Wednesday's last 16 first leg.
Arsene Wenger's side found it impossible to breach Milan's resolute rearguard despite dominating most of a tense tie at the Emirates Stadium.
This was billed as a battle between Arsenal's emerging young prodigies and Milan's aging maestros.
It was Carlo Ancelotti's old stagers who finished more satisfied after giving a masterclass in the art of defending.
A score-draw in the San Siro in three weeks time would still be enough to send Arsenal through, but that will be a daunting task against the reigning European champions.
However, star Spanish midfielder Cesc Fabregas believes that Arsenal showed enough to suggest they could dethrone the holders.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger and Manchester United winger Ryan Giggs failed to get victories on their 100th Champions League matches on Wednesday but both can still dream of a place in the last eight.
Arsenal were held 0-0 at home by holders AC Milan while United grabbed a late goal through Carlos Tevez to draw 1-1 with six-time French champions Lyon in France.
The two Spanish sides involved in the action both had five goal thrillers.
A double by Argentinian star Lionel Messi and one from former Arsenal striker Thierry Henry saw Barcelona come from behind twice to beat Celtic 3-2 in Glasgow while two-time UEFA Cup titleholders Sevilla lost 3-2 to Fenerbahce in Istanbul.
Wenger was still happy with the result even though the Gunners missed a host of chances, none more so than when on fire Togo striker Emmanuel Adebayor saw his header come off the bar.
We didn't take advantage of our many chances but overall I am very happy with the response shown by the team to the 4-0 FA Cup defeat by Manchester United.
The second leg should also be an open game, it is only a shame we can't transfer our pitch over there.
Wenger, whose previous Champions league involvement came as former manager of Monaco, wasn't even fazed by the fact that no English club has beaten AC Milan at the San Siro.
Well we beat Inter Milan there, smiled the 58-year-old Frenchman.
AC Milan handler Carlo Ancelotti admitted his side could play a lot better with Brazilian playmaker Kaka all but muzzled by the Arsenal defence.
We can show a lot more than we did here tonight, said the former AC Milan and Italy midfielder.
We were pretty tense and not in the best condition physically.
It is nonetheless a good result heading into the second leg, but nothing is certain against a team of real quality like Arsenal.
Lyon manager Alain Perrin admitted that the Tevez strike - which fell to him somewhat fortuitously off Brazilian striker Fred - had been a real blow.
Unfortunately we couldn't hold out to the end and now we are behind having conceded the away goal, said the former Marseille boss, who is rumoured to have fallen out both with the coaching and playing staff.
United manager Sir Alex Ferguson was both delighted with the result and to have something to complain about - in this case claims that Portuguese wing Cristiano Ronaldo had had a laser shone in his eyes in the warm-up before the match.
I am delighted to get the draw and it gives us a a good chance to qualify, said Ferguson.
I think it was a setback to lose the goal as at that moment we were in control.
We filed a complaint to UEFA over the Ronaldo incident, he added.
Barcelona assistant coach Johan Neeskens said that the result against Celtic was the one they had hoped for and was especially proud that they had cracked the fortress the Scottish side had built up at home.
We're happy with the result as no-one has beaten Celtic in Glasgow in the 
Champions League since we did almost four years ago, said Neeskens, who stood in for coach Frank Rijkaard as he was serving a touchline ban.
His Celtic counterpart Gordon Strachan was left seething with a display which he said was not up to the standards required.
It might have been a great game to watch for the neutrals but not for me, said the Scot.
When you're playing one of the best teams in the world you need a bit of luck and nine or 10 of your players to be at their peak.
We had neither and to have had a chance we needed to pass the ball better.
We kept giving the ball away and that meant we needed to do a lot of chasing, became tired and made mistakes.
The positives are we scored two goals against one of the best teams in the world but we lost two silly goals and lost the game.
Tiger Woods stayed on course for an eighth title in nine starts worldwide in Thursday's second round at the WGC-Accenture Match Play Championship as second seed Phil Mickelson was knocked out.
World number one Woods sealed a comfortable 3&2 win over fellow American Arron Oberholser but left-hander Mickelson was beaten by 31st-seeded Stuart Appleby of Australia 2&1.
Twice champion Woods, who fought back from three down with five holes remaining to edge big-hitting J.B. Holmes the previous day, rattled up five birdies in a flawless display.
The 32-year-old won the opening hole after Oberholser ended up in an unplayable lie in the desert scrub with his second shot and retained control for the rest of the match at Dove Mountain's Gallery Golf Club.
I played a lot better today.
hit the ball well and even made a couple of putts early on, Woods told reporters.
I never gave Arron a hole.
He had to earn the holes and I didn't make a bogey today.
Match play is an animal that's all about the moment, you'd better get off to a quick start and never give holes away.
Woods, tournament champion at La Costa in 2003 and 2004, will face Aaron Baddeley in the third round, the Australian having gained a bye after the withdrawal of American David Toms due to a back injury.
Mickelson charged two up after eagling the par-five fifth but Appleby hit back with four birdies round the turn before sealing victory on the 17th green.
A resurgent Colin Montgomerie drew on Ryder Cup inspiration to edge American Charles Howell III in a tight, fluctuating encounter.
The 44-year-old Briton, who eliminated world number seven Jim Furyk in the opening round, came from one down with five holes to play with three late birdies.
I am delighted with the win, a smiling Montgomerie said.
Soccer news in brief from around the world:
Tickets for Inter Milan's Champions League last 16 second leg at home to Liverpool on March 11 have sold out within hours, despite the Serie A leaders trailing 2-0 after the first match.
We're not out of the Champions League, and I think we will stay in the competition, Inter president Massimo Moratti told Sky.
Birmingham City shareholders have blocked an attempt by Hong Kong-based billionaire Carson Yeung to have former England winger Steve McManaman and retired Chinese international defender Fan Zhiyi voted on to the board.
City's Web site said the resolutions were rejected at an extraordinary general meeting.
Premier League City abandoned takeover talks with Yeung, who owns 29.9 percent of the shares, in December.
Japan upset hosts China 1-0 and North Korea held rivals South Korea to a 1-1 draw in the second round of matches in the East Asian Championships on Wednesday.
Met by protests and booed all the way by a hostile crowd in Chongqing, Japan sealed the win after 13 minutes when Koji Yamase scored from close range.
The two Koreas who meet in a 2010 World Cup qualifier next month shared the spoils after Yeom Ki-hun had put the South ahead with a 20th-minute free kick only for player Jong Tae-se to equalise 17 minutes from time.
China play North Korea and Japan face South Korea in the final round-robin matches on Saturday.
South Korea and Japan have the advantage with a win and a draw each.
Fans vented their frustration at China's failure to end a 10-year winless streak against Japan, with some chanting sack the team following their loss.
China's Serbian coach Vladimir Petrovic blamed the defeat on bad luck but local media on Thursday questioned his tactics, pointing to three fruitless second-half substitutions.
Bayern Munich captain Oliver Kahn has warned Hamburg his side are approaching top form ahead of their Bundesliga clash at the Allianz Arena on Sunday.
Kahn, who will retire from German league football at the end of the season, says Bayern are approaching their peak after beating Hanover 3-0 last Sunday and the league leaders are looking for three more points.
Both sides have had less than three days to recover from Thursday's UEFA Cup last 32 fixtures after Hamburg drew 0-0 with Swiss side FC Zurich while Bayern hammered Aberdeen 5-1.
For Hamburg coach Huub Stevens this will be the last time he can get one over his old adversary Ottmar Hitzfeld, with Bayern's boss set to leave this summer to coach the Swiss national team, and this will be the 16th time the two have faced each other in Bundesliga matches.
Stevens, whose side are third in the league, has coached his team to a win over Hitzfeld's teams on four occasions, with eight losses and three draws.
The last came in September when the two sides drew 1-1 at the HSH Nordbank Arena and Kahn wants another win.
We've sent out a very strong signal, said Kahn in the wake of last Sunday's victory over Hanover when Luca Toni struck a hat-trick.
I think that was tactically one of our best matches of the season, a team performance par excellence.
On Saturday, second-placed Werder Bremen are away to Eintracht Frankfurt, who were humbled 1-0 by strugglers Hansa Rostock last weekend with key midfielder Diego out with a knee injury.
After beating FC Porto 1-0 in Tuesday's Champions League clash in Gelsenkirchen, Schalke 04 are at Bayer Leverkusen who hammered Turkish giants Galatasary 5-1 in the UEFA Cup on Thursday.
Bayer are fourth, Schalke fifth and with both sides level on 35 points, this is a good chance for either team to get amongst the league leaders while Schalke are hoping to welcome back Germany defender Christian Pander.
Having picked up a maximum fifteen points from winning their last five games, VfL Wolfsburg have dragged themselves up to seventh in the table and are at home to Hertha Berlin, who have won their last two. 
After only an injury-time goal from Thomas Hitzelsperger saved VfB Stuttgart from an embarrassing draw with bottom side Duisburg last weekend, the defending champions host Karlsruhe who are unbeaten in the last five games.
Croatian striker Mladen Petric is up to 11 goals for the season and will be hooping to add to his tally at home to strugglers Hansa Rostock.
And bottom side Duisburg are at Arminia Bielefeld who are hovering just above the relegation zone.
On Friday, mid-table sides Hanover and VfL Bochum will battle it out.
Unseeded Uzbek Akgul Amanmuradova pulled off a major upset in the WTA Bangalore Open when she beat defending champion Yaroslava Shvedova of Russia in the first round here on Monday.
Amanmuradova was more consistent than the 89th-ranked Russian, winning 6-3, 3-6, 6-3 in 103 minutes.
Shvedova's best came in the second set when she kept pressure on the Uzbek to level the scores but failed to match her rival in the decider, dropping her serve in the sixth game to lose the match.
Hungarian teenager Agnes Szavay, seeded fifth, faced little resistance in her opening match when she defeated wild-card Shikha Uberoi of India 6-1, 6-4.
Sixth-seeded Austrian Sybille Bammer overcame an opening-set deficit to down Japanese Akiko Morigami 2-6, 6-3, 7-5 in another first-round encounter.
I was not able to adjust initially to the bounce of the court, but came back strongly in the last two sets, said the 20th-ranked Bammer, mother of a six-and-a-half-year-old daughter.
My daughter used to travel with me on tours in the past and in fact was with me during the Doha Open last month.
She is not here, but my mother takes care of her back home.
Bammer trailed 4-2 against the fighting Japanese in the decider, but then played steadily under pressure to win the match.
Japanese Aiko Nakamura also advanced to the second round when she rallied to down Thailand Tamarine Tanasugarn.
Soccer news in brief from around the world:
Former player Georgios Savvides has quit as coach of Cypriot team Omonia Nicosia after only three months in charge.
Georgios Savvides handed in his resignation on Monday and it was accepted, the club said on their Web site.
Assistant coach Nedim Tutic will take over until a replacement is found.
Omonia have lost three league games in a row and are third in the table, 14 points behind leaders Anorthosis Famagusta.
Former Egypt striker Hossam Hassan, who was still playing earlier this season, has taken over as coach of Premier League side Al Masry, club officials said.
Hassan, who replaces sacked Portuguese Juan Alves, won a total of 168 caps.
His last appearance for Egypt was at the 2006 African Nations Cup finals.
Al Masry are third from bottom in the league.
Aston Villa defender Curtis Davies will be out for several months after having surgery on his ruptured Achilles tendon.
Davies, who was named in Fabio Capello's preliminary England squad for the friendly against Switzerland last month, was injured in the 1-1 draw at leaders Arsenal on Saturday.
The surgeon said the operation went well, Davies told the club's Web site.
Fourth seed Guillermo Canas of Argentina maintained his perfect record against Thomas Johansson by beating the Swede 6-3 7-6 in the Las Vegas Open first round on Monday.
The 30-year-old from Buenos Aires won two break points out of five to seal victory in just over an hour-and-a-half on the Stadium Court.
Canas, sidelined for 15 months for a doping ban before returning to action in September 2006, has never lost to Johansson in three career meetings.
In an earlier match, eighth-seeded Nicolas Kiefer fired down eight aces to beat fellow German Benjamin Becker 6-4 6-3.
Second-seeded Lleyton Hewitt, the defending champion, was scheduled to play wildcard Marat Safin of Russia in one of the day's late matches.
Australian Hewitt became only the second man, after American Andre Agassi, to win the Las Vegas title three times with a straight-sets victory over Austrian Juergen Melzer in last year's final.
Hewitt has won an ATP Tour event in each of his 10 years as a professional.
South Africa will host Paraguay at an undisclosed venue on March 26, the national association said on Monday.
It will be a rematch of a 2002 World Cup first-round thriller in South Korea where Bafana Bafana snatched a 2-2 draw via a Quinton Fortune penalty.
The 2010 World Cup hosts are coached by Brazilian Carlos Alberto Parreira and played two South American nations at Ellis Park in Johannesburg last year, losing to Bolivia and drawing with Uruguay.
Feyenoord coach Bert van Marwijk has agreed a two-year contract from July 1 to succeed Marco van Basten as coach of the Netherlands, the Dutch football association said on Monday.
Van Basten, who took charge in 2004, had said after the Dutch qualified for Euro 2008 that he would step down following the June tournament in Switzerland and Austria.
He will take over as coach of Ajax Amsterdam next season.
We are pleased with this agreement as Bert was on our shortlist from the beginning, KNVB director Henk Kessler said in a statement.
He made his name on a domestic level but also internationally.
Now we will handle the final details about the composition of the technical staff.
Van Marwijk played once for the Netherlands during his career as a left winger, with spells at club level for Go Ahead Eagles Deventer, AZ Alkmaar, MVV Maastricht and Fortuna Sittard.
As a coach, he spent two years with Sittard before joining Feyenoord in 2000 and going on to win the UEFA Cup with the Rotterdam side in 2002.
He moved to Borussia Dortmund in 2004 but was sacked in December 2006 before returning to Feyenoord in June the following year.
His new task will be to steer the Dutch to the 2010 World Cup finals in South Africa.
This is the highest level you can reach as coach, said the Van Marwijk in the statement.
It is a fantastic prospect and a big challenge to work with the best Dutch players.
I am pleased that the players and board of Feyenoord allowed me to take this job.
But now I want to focus on Feyenoord as the coming weeks will be crucial.
That is my obligation to the club.
According to media reports, Van Marwijk will be assisted by Dick Voorn, who worked with him at Fortuna Sittard, Borussia Dortmund and Feyenoord.
Former internationals Frank de Boer and Phillip Cocu are tipped to complete the technical staff.
Arsenal sent holders Milan packing from the Champions League on Tuesday as the English Premier League leaders booked a quarter-final place with a 2-0 win at the San Siro.
Manchester United and Barcelona made smooth progress while Turkish surprise package Fenerbahce sneaked through on penalties after their first knockout round, second-leg match against Sevilla finished at 5-5.
Goals from Cesc Fabregas and Emmanuel Adebayor guided Arsenal to victory in Milan, the first by an English side against the Rossoneri at the San Siro.
English champions United were made to work hard for a 1-0 win over Olympique Lyon at Old Trafford that gave them a 2-1 aggregate victory over the French side after Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 30th goal of the season.
Barcelona completed a 4-2 aggregate win over Celtic with a 1-0 second leg win at the Nou Camp thanks to an early goal from Xavi while Fenerbahce were indebted to goalkeeper Volkan Demirel for saving three spot-kicks in the shootout.
Demirel, at fault for at least one goal in regular time, turned hero by denying Julien Escude, Enzo Maresca and Daniel Alves in the shootout Fenerbahce won 3-2.
Alves and Seydou Keita had given Sevilla a 2-0 lead in the opening 10 minutes but goals from Brazilian striker Deivid either side of Frederic Kanoute's strike made it 3-2 on the night to force a dramatic ending to the contest.
Milan dominated the opening stages of a titanic tussle but Arsenal quickly found their feet and always looked more likely to score before Fabregas finally broke the deadlock with a stunning strike in the 84th minute.
The midfielder took the ball in his stride and beat Zeljko Kalac in goal with a rasping low shot from 30 metres that crept into the bottom right corner before Adebayor sealed the win from close range in injury time.
The Togo striker was left with a simple tap-in at the far post to score his first Champions League goal of the season after substitute Theo Walcott delivered a perfect low cross.
Manchester United did not look particularly impressive in a 4-5-1 formation with Rooney on his own up front and survived several nervy moments before and after Ronaldo netted his sixth goal of the competition and his 80th in a United shirt.
The winger pounced on a rebound from Anderson's initial effort and threaded his shot past Gregory Coupet in the 41st minute as United equalled the record held by Juventus of 10 straight Champions League home wins.
China's Zi Yan dismissed eighth seed Maria Kirilenko 3-6 7-6 6-1 in a thrilling opening match to reach the second round of the Bangalore Open on Tuesday.
Yan, who has won two grand slam doubles titles, held her nerve in the second set tiebreak and came into her own in the decider to surprise the 29th-ranked Russian.
Yan, ranked 54 in singles and 13 in doubles, jumped to a 3-0 lead in the decider and kept the pressure on Kirilenko.
The ball jumps higher on this court, it took me time to adjust, said Yan, who will meet Olga Savchuk of Ukraine next.
I changed my tactics in the second set and played longer points, said the Chinese, who saved a match point at 5-4 in the second set. 
That gave me momentum, she added.
World number 21 Vera Zvonareva quelled an early challenge from Romanian qualifier Monica Niculescu.
The Russian seventh seed recovered to win 4-6 6-3 6-1 and will next meet another Romanian qualifier Agnes Szatmari.
The top seeds, including world number four Jelena Jankovic, Venus and Serena Williams and Patty Schnyder, enjoyed a first round bye.
American world number 11 Serena will meet Israeli Tzipora Obziler on Wednesday while Swiss world number 12 Schnyder will take on Japan's Aiko Nakamura.
Fenerbahce beat Sevilla 3-2 on penalties to make the Champions League quarter-finals for the first time after drawing 5-5 on aggregate on Tuesday.
Goalkeeper Volkan Demirel saved three spot kicks to send the Turks through after Zico's side had survived a dreadful start at the Sanchez Pizjuan.
Sevilla, who had lost 3-2 in the first leg, stormed into a two-goal lead inside nine minutes with goals from Daniel Alves and Seydou Keita.
Fenerbahce pulled one back through Deivid midway through the first half only for Sevilla to strike again just before the break when Frederic Kanoute restored the two-goal cushion.
Deivid scored again in the 79th to force extra-time, but penalties were needed to separate the sides
It's a bitter blow because we failed to kill off the game when we were 2-0 up, Sevilla coach Manolo Jimenez said.
They were two great teams who scored five goals apiece and once it went to penalties anything could have happened.
I wish Fenerbahce all the best.
Sevilla had Fenerbahce penned back from the outset and took the lead after only five minutes when the visitors conceded a free kick 25 metres out.
Brazil full back Alves powered a swerving shot goalwards and although Volkan appeared well placed to block, he could only push it inside the post.
The Turks were still reeling four minutes later when Mali's Keita drove forward in midfield to unleash another thunderbolt from all of 30 metres which flew into the top of the net with Volkan flapping once again.
Fenerbahce won their first corner after 20 minutes.
It was taken low to unmarked Brazilian forward Deivid on the edge of the area and he was able to drill a low shot through a crowded area.
The visitors were in the ascendancy when Alves chipped a ball into Kanoute in the 41st minute, and after controlling on his chest the lanky Mali striker turned to fire a deflected shot into the corner.
Fenerbahce responded quickly, laying siege to the Sevilla goal, threatening at every set piece, and Edu had a shot cleared off the line at the end of a breathless first half.
The home side were content to play on the break after the restart and held out until 11 minutes from time when their defence was exposed again from a dead-ball situation.
A free kick to the far post found Deivid in space and after his first shot hit the post, he had time to score from the rebound to send the game into extra time.
Sevilla dominated the last few minutes but were unable to avoid the game going to penalties.
Where Volkan made up for his earlier errors denying Julien Escude, Enzo Maresca and finally captain Alves.
Peter Gade, the 1999 champion from Denmark, was forced to pull out of the men's singles All-England Championships in Birmingham on Tuesday due to asthma.
The number eight seed was due to meet Singapore's Yen Hui Kendrick Lee in Wednesday's first round, but Danish coach Thomas Stuer-Lauridsen said it was not possible for him to compete.
He cannot even run 100 yards so there was no option but for him to pull out.
Singapore's Ronald Susilo, drawn against Olympic Champion and number seven seed Taufik Hidayat in the first round, also pulled out through injury.
In the women's singles, England's top hope Tracey Hallam, the world No.16, was desperately disappointed to lose her race against fitness and was another eve of championship withdrawal.
The Commonwealth Games Champion has been struggling with a thigh problem.
I pulled out of last week's German Open with the hope of being able to play in Birmingham, she explained.
It is really heartbreaking to miss the All-England.
Germany's Juliane Schenk, who was injured in her semi-final of the German Open last week, was the fourth withdrawal from the main singles draws. 
Two Indonesian top-seeded men's doubles and mix-doubles, namely Markis Kido/Hendra Setiawan and Flandy Limpele/Vita Marissa had to leave the All England tournament early after being beaten by their rivals in the first round on Wednesday night.
The world's third-seeded mix doubles Flandy/Vita failed to get the ticket for the next round after being defeated by Robert Blair/Imogen Bankier of Britain and Scotland in 29 minutes with the scores of 15-21, 16-21.
Another Indonesian mix-doubles Muhammad Rijal/Greysia Polii had also to bow to their Thai rivals, the seventh-seeded Sudket Prapakamol/Saralee Thungthongkam in a straight set 18-21, 7-21.
Indonesia also failed to leave its women's singles shuttlers in the event after three of its shuttlers, namely Maria Kristin, Adriyani Firdasari and Pia Zebadiah failed to beat their rivals.
Indonesian first singles Maria was defeated by her Malaysia's rival, the eight-seeded Wong Mew Choo 13-21, 15-21.
Adriyanti was defeated by third-seeded from China Lu Lan in a straight set, while Pia had to bow to her Taiwan's rival Cheng Shao Chieh.
Indonesian men's singles, however still have chance to get title in the tournament after they managed to beat their rivals in the first round.
Seventh-seeded Taufik Hidayat booked victory after beating his Canadian rival Andrew dabeka 21-18, 21-12 to meet with Vietnamese shuttler Nguyen Tien Minh in the second round to be held on Sunday who once beat him in the Philippines Open in 2007.
Tommy Sugiarto followed his senior's path by beating Andrew Smith of Britain 21-11, 21-19 and meet with second-seeded Lee Chong Wei of Malaysia.
Sixth-seeded Sony Dwi Kuncoro had to play three games to beat his Indonesian rival Andre Kurniawan 11-21, 21-12, 21-9.
Sony will meet with Japan's Shoji Sato 14-21, 22-20, 21-15 to get a ticket at the quarter final.
Indonesian men's singles, the eight-seeded Luluk Hadiyanto/Alvent Yulianto beat Peter Buur Steffensen/Rasmus Mangor Andersen 21-18, 21-8 to meet with Denmark's Anders Kristiansen/Simon Mollyhus to get ticket for the quarter final.
The only Indonesian mix-doubles, second-seeded Nova Widianto/Lilyana Natsir will have to meet Denmark's mix-doubles Thomas Laybourn/Kamilla Rytter Juhl to get a ticket for the quarter final.
Fernando Torres scored his second Anfield hat-trick in less than two weeks as Liverpool thrashed West Ham United 4-0 to go fourth in the Premier League on Wednesday.
The Spanish striker, who got all three in the 3-2 win over Middlesbrough on Feb. 23, was again in sparkling form while Steven Gerrard completed the scoring with a superb fourth.
With their Champions League game against Inter Milan put back to next week, Liverpool faced a test of will against a West Ham side who beat them 1-0 at Upton Park in January.
However, they looked full of conviction from the start and were rewarded with the opening goal by Torres after eight minutes when he turned in a low cross from Dirk Kuyt.
West Ham fought their way back into the game, albeit without ever looking too dangerous, until the same duo combined for the second after 61 minutes, this time Torres heading home the Dutchman's cross.
Torres was close to his hat-trick soon after when he struck the woodwork with a diving header but completed the treble in the 81st minute with a calm finish.
Gerrard rounded off a great night for Liverpool two minutes later when he burst from midfield to blast a fierce shot into the roof of the net.
The victory meant Liverpool leap-frogged city rivals Everton into fourth, worth a place in the Champions League qualifiers at the end of the season, on goal difference.
Both teams have 53 points, five clear of Aston Villa.
The two Merseyside rivals meet at Anfield on March 30.
West Ham, also beaten 4-0 by Chelsea on Saturday, remain solidly mid-table in 10th place on 40 points.
World number two Rafael Nadal is over the injury problems that affected him at the end of last year and remains confident of a strong run at the Australian Open.
The second seeded Spaniard was troubled by foot and knee injuries in 2007 but said he was fully fit for the year's first grand-slam event, which begins on Monday.
Physically, I do not have one problem, so I am very happy with that, the three-times French Open champion told reporters on Saturday.
This year I am arriving well, practicing well and I had some matches in Chennai.
So I hope will be fine for Monday.
Nadal reached the final in Chennai, beating compatriot Carlos Moya in a semi-final battle that lasted almost four hours.
The Spaniard then ran out of steam in the final the next day, losing 6-0 6-1 to Mikhail Youzhny of Russia.
I was only tired, Nadal said, shrugging off any doubts about his fitness.
It was a terrible semi-final, no? Four-hour match.
I had less than 24 hours to recover.
I went to sleep late because I finished the match late so it was tough to recover.
So Mikhail play good tennis and he beat me very easy.
I think I am prepared.
I practiced very well, very good the week before.
In Chennai, I played some tough matches.
It's important to win matches like the semi-final, important for confidence.
A quarter-finalist in Melbourne last year, Nadal will open his campaign against a qualifier on Monday.
Maria Sharapova has two grand slam titles in the bag and has attained world number one status, but the Russian still believes her best is yet to come.
The world number five, a favourite for the Jan. 14-27 Australian Open, won Wimbledon as a 17-year-old in 2004 and believes she is still getting better.
I love the work that I put in on the court and I know that some day it will pay off, Sharapova, runner-up in Melbourne 12 months ago, told reporters on Saturday.
I've said it many times, I don't think this is the peak of my career.
I believe that there are many more years to go, and I'm going to learn from all those experiences within those years.
Sharapova said world number one Justine Henin was the big favourite and that defending champion Serena Williams and her sister Venus were also big threats for the title.
But the Russian said her never-say-die attitude would stand her in good stead over the next fortnight.
I've proven it before and I've done it before, so I don't think you can ever count me out, she said.
No matter how confident or not, no matter where my ranking is, I'm one of the toughest competitors out there.
I never leave the court without giving 100 percent, and that's why I think I gain a lot of respect from my fans and from the tennis audience.
Sharapova suffered a shoulder injury in 2007 which caused her to alter her service action, but said she felt fully fit after the off-season and was raring to go.
I'm feeling really good, she said.
It was really refreshing because after a pretty difficult year it was great to be able to play tennis for such a long period of time without feeling concerned or worried about getting injured.
The fifth seed could face former world number one Lindsay Davenport in the second round in what will be the American's first grand slam tournament in 16 months, after a year off in which she had her first child.
Sharapova said she would be in for a tough match if she faced the American, champion at Melbourne Park in 2000.
The bottom line is that she's a dedicated champion, she said.
She's really good at what she does.
Without a doubt, she is going to be playing on a good level again.
But we've got to take care of business in the first round first.
AC Milan beat Napoli 5-2 on Sunday to record their first league win at the San Siro this term with Pato scoring on his debut and Ronaldo netting twice to open his season's account.
Ronaldo, playing in only his second match this season after injury problems, gave Milan a 15th-minute lead when his shot ballooned off Napoli keeper Gennaro Iezzo and just crossed line before Andrea Cupi hooked clear.
Napoli equalised when Ezequiel Lavezzi's cross was toe-poked in by Roberto Sosa, but Milan were soon back in front when Iezzo denied Brazilian 18-year-old Pato twice only for Clarence Seedorf to smash home.
A clumsy foul by Kakha Kaladze on Lavezzi allowed Maurizio Domizzi to pull Napoli level from the penalty spot after 38 minutes of an enthralling first half.
The second period belonged to Milan however, with a diving header from Ronaldo, Kaka's crisp shot and Pato's cool finish sealing the win in style.
The European champions remain 12th but have three games in hand on most clubs having won the Club World Cup in Japan in December before Serie A's three-week midseason break.
Pato, part of a three-pronged Brazilian attack, joined Milan from Internacional in the close season but was ineligible until now.
He was nervous in the first half but gradually improved.
I am not the phenomenon, Ronaldo is, the much-heralded Pato told Sky.
I told him that after the goal.
Earlier unbeaten Inter Milan maintained their seven-point lead at the top of Serie A after Zlatan Ibrahimovic's double helped the champions to a 3-2 win at a battling Siena.
Ibrahimovic converted a debatable penalty on 26 minutes after Julio Cruz had collided with Paul Codrea.
Siena equalised quickly when Inter defender Ivan Cordoba appeared to get the last touch under pressure from Massimo Maccarone but the champions went back in front on the stroke of halftime when Esteban Cambiasso slid in Ibrahimovic's pass.
The Swede grabbed his 11th of the league campaign in the second half with a cracking shot and despite Fernando Forestieri's late goal, Inter hung on for their seventh straight Serie A win and 11th successive victory in all competitions.
AS Roma moved back up to second but had to come from behind to beat Atalanta 2-1 thanks to Francesco Totti's low freekick and Mancini's thumping strike.
Luciano Spalletti's side went above Juventus, who drew 1-1 at Catania on Saturday and are now three points behind in third, while Udinese stayed fourth after Fabio Quagliarella secured a 1-0 win at bottom side Cagliari.
Fiorentina are a point further back in fifth after Adrian Mutu's brace set up a 2-1 win at Parma, although his second from the penalty spot late on followed a dive from Christian Vieri.
Ivory Coast forward Amara Diane scored twice to fire Paris St Germain to a 3-0 win over Racing Lens on Sunday, the capital side's first home Ligue 1 win this season.
Stade Rennes recovered from a goal down to beat Olympique Marseille 3-1 courtesy of two late Sylvain Wiltord goals in the other game played on Sunday.
Former Portugal striker Pauleta opened the scoring for PSG from a backward pass by Diane on 58 minutes.
Diane did the rest himself, doubling the advantage with an angled shot in the 65th before wrapping it up with a header two minutes later.
PSG climb to 11th while Lens stay third from bottom.
Marseille took the lead in Rennes through forward Djibril Cisse but the home side equalised before the break thanks to former Marseille striker Mickael Pagis.
The visitors had Argentine newcomer Juan Angel Krupoviesa sent off for a dangerous tackle on Pagis in the 68th minute.
Rennes then took control with two goals in the last eight minutes from France forward Wiltord.
Rennes move up to ninth while Marseille slide down to 12th.
Champions Olympique Lyon went six points clear at the top after recovering from a goal down to beat Toulouse 3-2 on Saturday.
Lyon, chasing a seventh successive title, moved on to 42 points from 20 matches, six ahead of second-placed Nancy who had to be content with a 0-0 draw at Caen.
Ruud van Nistelrooy scored two late goals as Spanish champions Real Madrid defeated bottom side Levante 2-0 on Sunday to re-establish their seven-point lead over Barcelona at the top of the table.
A staggering 36 points separated Real and Levante before kick-off but on the pitch there was little to choose between them before Dutch striker van Nistelrooy stole the points with his 10th and 11th goals of the campaign.
The Dutch forward put Real ahead on 76 minutes from the penalty spot before adding a second two minutes from time with a clincal right-footed strike.
It was hard work but we got the win and it will be vital for us come the end of the season, said Real coach Bernd Schuster.
Real's next match is the derby against Atletico Madrid next Sunday and Schuster said his players would require no motivation for the capital clash.
Sometimes it is difficult to motivate your players to face a team that is theoretically inferior but next week I won't need to say a thing just like it was for the Barcelona match, added the German.
Atletico are riding high in third after a 1-0 home win over Valencia.
Kun Aguero took advantage of a mistake from Valencia goalkeeper Timo Hildebrand to score the decisive goal and Atletico move above Espanyol who saw their 14-match unbeaten run come to an abrupt end with a surprise 1-0 loss at Almeria.
Espanyol had not lost since a 2-1 defeat to Recreativo Huelva at the end of September but an 87th minute goal from Kalu Uche ended that sequence.
It was our worst away performance of the season, admitted Espanyol boss Ernesto Valverde.
Villarreal are now breathing down their necks after a 4-3 comeback win over strugglers Deportivo La Coruna.
Turkish international Nihat scored twice in as many minutes to help Villarreal close to within a point of Espanyol.
Villarreal looked to be heading for their seventh defeat of the campaign trailing 2-1 but Nihat struck twice, in the 66th and 68th minutes, to turn the game in their favour.
We were poor for 65 minutes and good for 25, confessed Villarreal coach Manuel Pellegrini.
Conceding so many goals makes it difficult to have a good campaign but reaching 35 points at this stage means there are more positives than negatives.
Fernando Gago started in the midfield for Real with Mohamadou Diarra gone for the African Nations Cup and Miguel Torres replaced the suspended Sergio Ramos at right back.
Goalkeeper Iker Casillas shrugged off a bout of gastro-enteritis to start with Schuster seemingly reluctant to field former Liverpool goalkeeper Jerzy Dudek.
Levante started the better with Real squandering possession far too easily but the champions look so dangerous going forward and Julio Baptista and Raul both had efforts cleared off the goal-line.
In the second half Baptista and Brazilian compatriot Robinho both hit the post as Levante rode their luck.
Real had only failed to score in of the their previous 18 league matches and the breakthrough came on 76 minutes with Jose Serrano unfortunately handling in the penalty area.
Van Nistelrooy made no mistake with the penalty sending the goalkeeper the wrong way and he scored again on 88 minutes as Real took the spoils.
Spanish League side Real Zaragoza on Sunday sacked coach Victor Fernandez following the 2-2 draw with Real Mallorca.
Zaragoza confirmed the exit of Fernandez, who has seen his team, a creditable sixth last season, fall to 12th in the Spanish top division.
Local favourite Fernandez coached Zaragoza from 1990 to 1997 winning the now defunct Cup Winners' Cup in 1994 before returning to the club in June 2006 after a spell with Portuguese side FC Porto.
Germany international Tim Borowski will join Bayern Munich when his contract with Werder Bremen expires at the end of the season.
Werder said in a statement on Sunday that midfielder Borowski had rejected the offer of a new contract and would instead move to rivals Bayern, where he will be reunited with his former national team coach Juergen Klinsmann.
It's a shame, coach Thomas Schaaf said.
We would have happily carried on working with Tim.
Borowski, 27, was part of the Germany squad that Klinsmann led to third place at the World Cup on home soil in 2006.
Bayern announced on Friday that Klinsmann would return to the Bundesliga to take over as their coach as of July 1.
Defending champion Serena Williams and world number one Justine Henin safely negotiated the Australian Open first round Monday, as third seed Jelena Jankovic narrowly avoided a major upset.
Under blazing sun, a super-fit Williams sailed past Australian qualifier Jarmila Gajdosova 6-3, 6-3 in just over an hour, but was below her best as she began her quest for a ninth Grand Slam title.
I think everyone could probably tell I was a little scratchy.
Actually, I think she has a really, really good return.
Williams stunned the tennis world here last year when she beat Maria Sharapova in the final after entering the tournament unseeded and ranked 81 after an injury-plagued 2006.
She said the memories came flooding back when she walked out on centre court.
Yeah, I just thought about last year, my last match on that court, I was able to win it.
I didn't think about the ceremony, holding up the trophy.
I just got right back into the swing of things and thought, I have to stay focused.
Williams has highlighted top seed Henin, who won the Sydney International on Friday, and her sister Venus as her main threats.
The Belgian was given an unexpectedly tough workout by Japan's Aiko Nakamura in her match, before winning 6-2, 6-2.
It's been the best season of my career but I'm just focused on this tournament now, said Henin, who won here in 2004 but missed last year's tournament as she finalised her divorce.
What I did last year is in the past but it gave me a lot of joy and a lot of experience and I hope I can use it this year.
She is now unbeaten in 29 matches, a run stretching back to the Wimbledon semi-final last July.
Jankovic very nearly became a high-profile casualty when she was pushed to the limit by 17-year-old Austrian Tamira Paszek before prevailing 2-6, 6-2, 12-10 in an epic three hour, nine minute battle.
The highly-fancied Serb, who enjoyed a rapid rise through the women's rankings in 2007, gave away the first set 2-6 but got back into her stride by taking the second.
The 22-year-old's characteristic vigour came to the fore in a thrilling third set which lasted almost two hours.
Both players were feeling the pace with Jankovic receiving treatment for a lower back problem and Paszek, ranked 39, leaving the court for a left hip injury.
The matches were played on the new Plexicushion hardcourts that have replaced the Rebound Ace that had been used here since 1988.
The surface is designed to help reduce wear and tear injuries for the players, as well as produce more consistent bounce and cooler court temperatures.
But the most striking difference for the fans is that the surface has changed from green to blue.
Among the men, 24th seed Jarkko Nieminen made the second round with a five set victory over Canada's Frank Dancevic while 23rd seed Paul Henri-Mathieu beat Victor Hanescu of Romania.
Defending champion Roger Federer kickstarts his drive for a 13th Grand Slam crown on Tuesday, having recovered from a bug that threatened to derail his tournament.
His main challenge is expected to come from Rafael Nadal, who plays Serbia's Viktor Troicki in an evening match Monday.
Among his other rivals, Andy Roddick plays the Czech Republic's Lukas Dlouhy while world number three Novak Djokovic is up against Germany's Benjamin Becker on Tuesday.
Bayern Munich on Monday confirmed the arrival of Germany international Tim Borowski from Werder Bremen next season.
Bayern added the 27-year-old attacking midfielder was about to sign a three-year contract till 2011.
Borowski has played 157 matches for Werder Bremen, since signing in 2001, and scored 21 goals, also achieving the league and cup double in 2004.
Borowski, who injured his left knee at the beginning of the season and has only played nine matches in the Bundesliga since August, said: I view this transfer as a real challenge in sporting terms.
I am going to be 28 this year and it was really now or never to try something new.
He added the arrival of Jurgen Klinsmann as Munich coach next season could only be positive for him but emphasised this did not influence his decision to join the club.
The news can only add to tension between the clubs which finished the first half of the championship on the same number of points and occupying the first two places.
Borowski, who will join former Bremen team-mate Miroslav Klose who left Werder to join the Bavarian club last summer, will complete an impressive contingent of Germany internationals at the club, including Klose, Lukas Podolski, Bastian Schweinsteiger, Jan Schlaudraff and Marcell Jansen.
Former player Ander Garitano was appointed coach of Real Zaragoza on Monday following the dismissal of coach Victor Fernandez.
Garitano, who had been in charge of one of the club's youth sides, was confident he could turn the team around after their recent run of poor form.
I haven't the slightest doubt that I'm up to the job, I'm in good spirits and I'm confident that the team we've put together will be able to take this club forward, the 38-year-old told a news conference.
Garitano, who made his name as a midfielder at Athletic Bilbao, played for Zaragoza for six seasons between 1996 and 2002 before retiring and moving on to the coaching staff.
Club president Eduardo Bandres said Garitano was not an interim appointment.
Earlier, his predecessor Fernandez said he understood the club's decision to dismiss him given the team's failure to live up to expectations in the first half of the season.
They got rid of me because the results were a long way from meeting the ambitious objectives the club set for itself and that is a legitimate and respectable reason, the 47-year-old told a news conference.
I'm relaxed and calm but hurt by the fact I couldn't deliver what they wanted.
Zaragoza slipped to 12th in the table after a 2-2 home draw with Real Mallorca on Sunday, their ninth consecutive Primera Liga game without a win.
I felt I could turn things around as we were only halfway through the season, said Fernandez, who was coach when Zaragoza won the 1994 King's Cup and the 1995 European Cup Winners' Cup and returned to the club in 2006.
I won't be coming back as coach that's for sure.
I would only return as sporting director or president.
Argentina have named Sergio Batista, a midfielder in their victorious 1986 World Cup team, as coach of their Olympic side for this year's Games in Beijing.
It will be Sergio Batista, Argentina Football Association president Julio Grondona told Radio La Red in an interview.
We intend to send the strongest possible team but we have to see how things work out.
Batista is currently coach of Argentina's Under-20 team.
Grondona added that Alfio Basile, coach of the senior side, would be concentrating on the World Cup qualifiers.
Argentina won the gold medal at the Athens Olympics in 2004 when Marcelo Bielsa, who was also senior coach at the time, led the team to glory with a 1-0 final victory over Paraguay.
The Olympic tournament is restricted to Under-23 teams although each can field up to three over-age players.
Argentina playmaker Juan Roman Riquelme has already said that he would like to play in Beijing.
Former Newcastle United manager Kevin Keegan became the latest person linked to the vacant manager's job at St James' Park on Monday following the departure of Sam Allardyce last week.
Keegan, who played for the club in the 1980s and managed them for five years in the 1990s, taking them close to the title in 1996, told Sky Sports News on Monday he was not ruling himself in or out, quickly adding: It's a club I love, everyone knows that.
Former England boss Keegan has not coached since leaving Manchester City in March 2005, but fevered speculation in the North East has linked him alongside Alan Shearer as a possible management duo now Portsmouth's Harry Redknapp has declined the position.
The search for Allardyce's replacement is gathering pace with Blackburn Rovers manager Mark Hughes the favourite to take control of the club who crashed to a 6-0 defeat at Manchester United on Saturday.
Hughes refused to rule himself out either after Blackburn beat Bolton Wanderers 2-1 on Sunday, twice passing up an opportunity to say he would still be at Ewood Park in the summer.
It's a hypothetical question and I don't answer hypothetical questions.
In football you never say never but I'm very happy to be Blackburn Rovers manager.
Graeme Souness, who managed the club between 2004 and 2006 said he would be willing to return now that the club had a new chairman.
Souness, who worked under Freddy Shepherd, said: With a new chairman there now, I'd certainly be interested in returning.
Souness added if he was offered the job, he would take it in a heartbeat.
It is a big club, It has got the potential to be one of the best.
But its not a quick fix and whoever gets it is going to need a minimum of three or four years.
Other names for the job include Gerard Houllier, the former Liverpool coach, former Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho, ex-Tottenham Hotspur manager Martin Jol and former England and Middlesbrough manager Steve McClaren.
The world's leading tennis players were forced to keep cool heads as Australia's skin-reddening sun burnt down on Melbourne Park on Tuesday and day two of the Australian Open got underway.
A gentle breeze kept temperatures manageable but men's third seed Novak Djokovic turned up some heat of his own to oust Benjamin Becker 6-0 6-2 7-6.
I started really well, the 20-year-old said.
Honestly saying, I was nervous before the match, knowing that I'm a big favourite in the first round.
Women's second seed Svetlana Kuznetsova swept past France's Nathalie Dechy 6-3 6-1 in just over an hour.
I just try to do my best every single match, she told the crowd.
Everyone who plays a grand slam is a great player so.
Sixth seed Anna Chakvetadze was spared the sapping sun when Germany's Andrea Petkovic retired with a knee injury in the first game of their match.
Top seed and world number one Roger Federer opens his campaign for a third consecutive Australian Open title and fourth overall later on Tuesday under lights against Argentine Diego Hartfield.
The 2002 champion Thomas Johansson is up against Marcos Baghdatis and 2005 winner Marat Safin takes on Latvia's Ernests Gulbis.
Djokovic oozed confidence in his opener, racing through the first seven games of the match and clinching the opening set in 22 minutes.
Becker, whose claim to fame is that he ended Andre Agassi's career by beating him at the 2006 U.S. Open, had no answers in the second set either and, despite a rally in the third, offered little resistance to the Serb.
Djokovic, seeking his first grand slam title, plays Italian Simone Bolelli in the second round.
It's natural that you feel the pressure, Djokovic said of the added expectation this year as third seed.
If you don't feel pressure something is wrong with you, but it's a matter of how you deal with the pressure.
I'm trying not to think about that too much, about the expectations, about the people saying, 'you got enough quality to win a grand slam this year, especially in Australia or U.S. Open, because of the hard courts'.
It's very flattering but, you know, it kind of puts a lot of pressure on me.
I'm only 20 years old, so hopefully, you know, I'm going to have another 10 or 15 years of professional tennis.
Women's ninth seed Daniela Hantuchova survived a decent work out before downing American Vania King 6-3 7-5, though she too refused to speculate on her chances.
I was just really pleased to get through in two sets, it was tough out there, the Slovak smiled It was very tight.
Injury-hit Italian giants Juventus want to sign Aston Villa's veteran Swedish international defender Olof Mellberg, the English Premier League club said on Friday.
It could mean the 30-year-old will play his last game for Villa in Saturday's home clash with Blackburn.
Juventus are believed to have made an offer of 500,000 pounds and Villa coach Martin O'Neill is expected to reveal whether a deal has gone through on Monday.
San Antonio Spurs guard Brent Barry will miss up to a month of the National Basketball Association season with a calf injury, the defending league champions announced Friday.
The 37-year-old guard will miss the next three to four weeks after being injured in the third quarter of San Antonio's 90-89 victory Thursday over Miami.
An MRI exam Friday showed he suffered a muscle strain in the same area as a torn muscle that kept him sidelined for nine games after being hurt December 26 in a 94-79 victory over Chicago.
Barry has averaged 7.3 points and 1.9 rebounds a game this season for the Spurs, who at 28-13 are among a handful of clubs fighting for the top record in the Western Conference.
Turkish middle-distance runner Sureyya Ayhan received a life ban from the Turkish Athletic Federation Friday for a second doping violation.
The former European 1,500-metre champion tested positive for an unnamed banned substance last September while training in the United States ahead of the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Ayhan's coach and husband, Yucel Kop, was given a two-year ban.
Both have said they will appeal the decision.
Ayhan's first doping ban came in 2005, when she was barred from competing for two years.
As well as her 2002 European title, Ayhan also won silver at the 2003 World Championships in Paris.
Brief news ahead of this weekend's matches in Italy's Serie A.
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has been ruled out of Sunday's trip to Livorno with a bad back.
Midfielder Marco Marchionni will also be missing with a knock, the club's Web site added.
Sergio Almiron has joined Monaco on loan but defender Jean-Alain Boumsong has yet to complete his move to Lyon as injury-hit Juve try to sign a replacement, with Aston Villa's Olof Mellberg now an immediate target rather than in June.
Tiago is close to a switch to Tottenham Hotspur but may still be included in Juve's match squad, Italian media said.
New signing Rolando Bianchi is likely to be in Lazio's squad for Sunday's visit to Torino, the club he nearly joined from Manchester City before plumping for Rome.
Guglielmo Stendardo and Massimo Mutarelli are suspended for the 1400 kickoff but stuttering Lazio should still be buoyed by Thursday's 2-1 win over Fiorentina in an Italian Cup quarter-final first leg.
Leaders Inter Milan travel to Udinese on Sunday and are expected to be without Cristian Chivu, Maicon and David Suazo as well as long-term injury victims Luis Figo, Walter Samuel and Olivier Dacourt.
AC Milan keeper Dida is again set to be rested for Sunday's home game with Genoa.
Zeljko Kalac will deputise while Milan are likely to revert to a Brazilian strike force of Kaka, Pato and Ronaldo after Wednesday's 2-1 loss at Atalanta.
AS Roma striker Francesco Totti, who has missed the last two games with flu, hopes to be fit to face Palermo on Saturday but midfielder Daniele De Rossi is suspended and defender Juan is injured.
Palermo, who have dropped to ninth, have seven players facing a ban if they pick up another booking but under-pressure coach Francesco Guidolin is unlikely to weaken his side.
Shawn Marion's buzzer-beating jump shot gave the Phoenix Suns a 110-108 road win that snapped the Cleveland Cavaliers's five-game winning streak on Friday.
The winning shot came on Marion's only field goal of the game and followed a clutch shot by Cleveland's LeBron James.
Boris drove to the basket, they sucked in and I was in the corner wide open, Marion told reporters.
Ilgauskas came running at me, I hit him with an up-fake and went to the basket.
Cleveland had a chance to snatch the win but Damon Jones missed a three-pointer as time expired.
Marion had missed his three previous shots before delivering the game-winner.
It happens like that sometimes I guess, he said.
Raja Bell led the Suns with 27 points and Steve Nash contributed 26 points and nine assists.
Amare Stoudemire added 22 points.
Nash went nine for 11 for the game and scored 21 points off seven three-pointers as the Suns hit a season's best 17 shots from behind the arc.
I thought we were grittier, Nash told reporters after the Suns overcame an 18-point deficit.
We stopped giving up easy stuff and took them out of their rhythm and comfort zone a little bit.
That was the difference for us.
They execute really well, James told reporters.
They can account for anything you do defensively.
We tried to contest as many as we could but they knocked them down.
Larry Hughes added 25 points and Ilgauskas had 21 points and 10 rebounds for the Cavaliers.
The Dallas Mavericks withstood a 40-point barrage by Kobe Bryant for a 112-105 home win over the Los Angeles Lakers.
Josh Howard and Dirk Nowitzki each had 26 to spark Dallas's win.
The Detroit Pistons rode a 39-point first quarter and breezed to a 101-93 home win over the Orlando Magic in a match-up of division leaders.
Richard Hamilton finished with 32 points and Rasheed Wallace contributed 15, 13 of them in the first quarter.
The Boston Celtics struggled to a 87-86 home win over the lowly Minnesota Timberwolves.
Kevin Garnett had 10 points and 16 rebounds, leaving the game for several minutes with abdominal injury scare.
Chris Bosh scored 32 points and the Toronto Raptors used a 19-0 run in the third quarter to crush the Milwaukee Bucks 106-75 for their fifth consecutive home win.
Peja Stojakovic scored 26 points and Chris Paul dished out 14 assists in the New Orleans Hornets' seventh consecutive win, a 111-92 home victory over the Los Angeles Clippers.
Angola and Tunisia moved to within a point of qualification for the quarter-finals of the African Nations Cup on Sunday.
Angola upset group favourites Senegal 3-1 and Tunisia followed up with a victory over South Africa by the same score in the Group D matches in Tamale.
Tunisia and Angola clash on Thursday in Tamale, needing only to draw the game to eliminate the other two sides from the tournament in Ghana.
Senegal and South Africa, who meet in Kumasi on Thursday.
Have taken only one point each from their two games.
Striker Manucho provided two goals for Angola and Tunisia's Brazilian-born Francileudo dos Santos grabbed a pair in his side's victory.
Angola came from behind after Abdoulaye Faye had given Senegal a halftime lead with a header midway through the first half of a pulsating game.
Manucho headed the equaliser five minutes after the restart and put Angola ahead from a goalmouth scramble in the 67th minute for his third goal of the tournament.
Flavio completed a stunning turnaround in the 77th minute to leave Angola with four points from two games, the same as Tunisia.
Angola coach Luis Oliveira Goncalves said: The great team does not always win the big battles.
We won and we won well.
In the Senegalese capital Dakar, students angry over their team's defeat briefly blocked a main road with burning refuse.
But the fire brigade and police quickly intervened and no injuries were reported.
Francileudo was on target for Tunisia in the eighth and 34th minutes and was also involved in the second goal in between when his shot struck the post for Chaouki Ben Saada to snap up the rebound.
Francileudo's first was a diving header and his second came after he ran onto a shallow back pass from South Africa defender Nasief Morris and rounded the keeper to score from a tight angle.
Substitute Katlego Mphela made the score more respectable for South Africa when he notched a late consolation.
The result was a reality check for South Africa, who are using the tournament to build a team to host the 2010 World Cup but were thoroughly out-muscled by their opponents.
On Monday, hosts Ghana return to action when Group A is concluded.
They play Morocco in Accra needing a point to win the group.
Guinea meet Namibia in Sekondi at the same time.
Leaders Inter Milan failed to win in Serie A for the first time in nine matches when they were held to a 0-0 draw at Udinese on Sunday.
The unbeaten champions had Brazilian winger Cesar sent off for two quick bookings after just 21 minutes but still had the better chances to beat fifth-placed Udinese with Julio Cruz and strike partner Zlatan Ibrahimovic going close.
Inter's lead from last week has been cut to five from seven points after second-placed AS Roma beat Palermo 1-0 on Saturday.
Juventus won 3-1 at midtable Livorno in Sunday's late game to go 10 points behind Inter in third.
Serie A top scorer David Trezeguet hooked in his 14th and 15th of the league campaign
either side of Alessandro Del Piero's 49th-minute strike.
Livorno, who grabbed a consolation through Erjon Bogdani, had Daniele De Vezze dismissed for two quick bookings at 2-0.
Juve, who had drawn their last three, host Inter in an Italian Cup quarter-final second leg on Wednesday with the score at 2-2.
Stuttering AC Milan are out of the Cup but rose to seventh in the league after Brazilian striker Pato scored twice in the second half to seal a 2-0 home win over 10-man Genoa.
The 18-year-old has now scored three in his first four games for the club and three in two at the San Siro where Milan had failed to win against Italian opposition before his arrival at the start of the month.
Milan again lacked bite and were wasteful until Pato nodded in after Clarence Seedorf's header across goal on 69 minutes.
Genoa goalkeeper Rubinho was then dismissed for handling outside the box when he denied the onrushing Pato, who was playing upfront alone with Ronaldo again out injured.
He grabbed his second eight minutes from time when he walked the ball into the net.
Milan have two games in hand including Wednesday's trip to Reggina.
Fourth-placed Fiorentina left it late with Adrian Mutu's 13th league goal of the season and Giampaolo Pazzini's stoppage time strike setting up a 2-0 victory at second bottom Empoli.
Basement side Cagliari are now just three adrift of Empoli after a stunning late comeback against Napoli.
Alessandro Matri and Daniele Conti both scored late in stoppage time to record a 2-1 win, their first since Sept 30.
Debutant Rolando Bianchi was sent off five minutes after coming on as a substitute in Lazio's 0-0 draw at Torino.
Senegal's Polish coach Henri Kasperczak has resigned just hours after his team's surprise 3-1 defeat by Angola in the African Nations Cup, state television reported on Sunday.
The result leaves Senegal facing elimination from the continental tournament regardless of the result of their final Group D match against South Africa on Thursday.
Angola and Tunisia, both on four points, only need to draw their game to advance.
The state broadcaster said that Kasperczak would be replaced by his assistant, Lamine Ndiaye.
Boasting a string of players in European sides, Senegal were regarded as favourites to advance from their group but have only one point after drawing with Tunisia in their opening
South Africa, which will host the 2010 World Cup finals, are also languishing on one point.
In the Senegalese capital Dakar, students angry over their team's defeat briefly blocked a main road with burning refuse but the fire brigade and police quickly intervened and no injuries were reported.
Eight members of an under-16 French side were injured in a road accident Monday in southwestern Turkey, where they were playing in a feriendly tournament, local hospital sources said.
We were very lucky, the team's coach Philippe Bergeroo told French broadcaster RTL as he saluted the squad for not panicking.
The French Football Federation said in a statement seen by AFP that six players had been slightly hurt in the incident near Marmaris near Mugla.
Barcelona forward Ronaldinho has been given permission to return to training with the rest of the squad after recovering from a problem with his left knee, the Primera Liga club said on their Web site.
The Brazil international has not played for the side since the 1-0 home defeat to Real Madrid on Dec. 23.
Espanyol have reached an agreement with Real Zaragoza and VfB Stuttgart to take forward Ewerthon on loan for the rest of the season, the Primera Liga's fifth-placed club said on their Web site.
The 26-year-old Brazilian had been on loan with the Bundesliga side, but will join Espanyol as cover for top scorer Raul Tamudo who broke his arm in training last week.
Spain will host Italy in a friendly in Elche on March 26, the Italian soccer federation said in a statement.
Sporting have signed Argentine defender Leandro Grimi on loan from Italy's AC Milan for the rest of the season, the Portuguese Premier League club said on their Web site.
The deal includes an option to buy the 22-year-old player for a fee of around three million euros $4.39 million, Portuguese media reported.
North and Central American soccer clubs will compete in a European-style Champions League from August, the region's governing body CONCACAF announced on Monday.
The 24-team CONCACAF Champions League will replace the old eight-team, straight knockout Champions Cup.
The league will feature four teams from Mexico and the U.S. three Caribbean sides, two clubs each from Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Panama, and one representative coming from Canada, Belize, and Nicaragua.
Eight clubs two Mexican, two from the U.S., one each from Costa Rica, Honduras, Guatemala, El Salvador will be seeded and the other 16 teams will play a qualifying round for the group stage of four groups of four.
The last Champions Cup final will be held over two legs later this year before the region switches to the new format.
Tottenham Hotspur said Monday they have signed England defender Jonathan Woodgate from Middlesbrough in a deal believed to be worth around 8 million pounds.
Newcastle United were also in the race to re-sign the 28-year-old, but Spurs won the battle for his signature after Woodgate signalled his desire to leave Middlesbrough for White Hart Lane.
We are delighted to announce we have reached agreement with Middlesbrough for the transfer of Jonathan Woodgate, a statement on Tottenham's website said.
Woodgate has played for Leeds United, Newcastle United and Real Madrid, before returning to England with Middlesbrough.
Guillermo Franco snatched a goal in added time for Villarreal to give them a 1-0 victory away to lowly Real Murcia in the Primera Liga on Saturday.
Murcia had the better of a poor game until Mexican striker Franco, who appeared to be in an offside position, controlled a ball over the top and slipped it past a furious home goalkeeper in the final minute.
Villarreal moved up to third on 42 points, five behind second-placed Barcelona who visit Sevilla in the late game.
Barca can close the gap on leaders Real Madrid to three points with a win in the Sanchez Pizjuan.
Real taken on Valladolid at the Bernabeu on Sunday.
In Saturday's ther game, Nigeria striker Ikechukwu Uche rescued a point for Getafe in a 1-1 draw at Deportivo Coruna.
Christian Panucci and Mancini scored as second-placed AS Roma beat strugglers Reggina 2-0 on Saturday to trim Inter Milan's lead at the top of Serie A to five points.
Italy defender Panucci headed in a Francesco Totti cross from a tight angle in the 21st minute to put the Romans on their way to burying the memory of last week's 3-0 defeat at Siena.
They doubled the lead in the 76th minute when Brazilian midfielder Mancini fired home the rebound from a Ludovic Giuly shot after some fine dribbling.
Reggina's Edgar Barreto had a goal disallowed for offside before Mancini's effort and Nigeria striker Stephen Makinwa hit the crossbar just after it.
Inter, who have 53 points from 21 games, can restore their eight-point advantage with a victory at Catania on Sunday Fiorentina's bid for a Champions League berth suffered a
setback when they were held 2-2 at Atalanta.
Fiorentina took the lead in the 29th minute when forward Giampaolo Pazzini controlled a Riccardo Montolivo pass and spun around to find the far corner.
Atalanta's Bosnian striker Zlatan Muslimovic equalised with the first of his two goals a minute later.
Fiorentina went ahead again when winger Franco Semioli, who missed Italy's midweek friendly against Portugal with a foot problem, headed in Zdravko Kuzmanovic's cross from the right on the hour.
But Muslimovic gave Atalanta a share of the spoils when he finished off a neat counter attack to complete his double in added time.
The Florence club stay fourth with 38 points from 22 games.
Fifth-placed AC Milan, rivals for a top-four finish and Champions League qualification, can come within two points of them with a game in hand by beating Siena at the San Siro on Sunday.
Two goals from midfielder Mathieu Bodmer helped Olympique Lyon crush strugglers Sochaux 4-1 on Saturday to stay four points clear at the top of Ligue 1.
Bodmer opened the scoring with a header from a corner on two minutes and made it 2-1 from close range in the 76th, following up after a free kick from Brazilian midfielder Juninho bounced off the post.
Forward Fabrice Pancrate had exploited a blunder from the Lyon defence to put Sochaux level in the 52nd minute.
Sidney Govou and fellow France forward Karim Benzema sealed Lyon's win in added time with a goal each.
Lyon, chasing a seventh consecutive title, move on 49 points from 24 matches, four ahead of second-placed Girondins Bordeaux, who beat bottom club Metz 3-0 with two goals from Fernando Cavenaghi.
The Argentine forward opened the scoring from a penalty after 26 minutes and doubled the advantage in the 72nd.
Midfielder Alou Diarra wrapped it up two minutes from time.
Third-placed Nancy, who had gone nine league matches without a win, beat Toulouse 1-0 with a late penalty from defender Sebastien Puygrenier to stay eight points off the pace.
Spain secured a straight-sets victory in the doubles on Saturday to take a winning 3-0 lead over Peru and a place in the Davis Cup quarter-finals.
Feliciano Lopez and Fernando Verdasco overcame Peru's Luis Horna and Ivan Miranda 6-3 6-4 7-6, holding off a spirited comeback in the third set to clinch the tie.
We played a very complete game, Lopez told reporters It was a very balanced contest.
Horna, Peru's leading player, was struggling with the arm injury which kept him out of his opening singles match on Friday in his country's first experience of qualifying for the Davis Cup world group.
We did well considering this was the first time we made it this far, Horna said.
Spain will play Germany or South Korea in the last eight.
We did not think the result would be 3-0 but when Horna did not play yesterday in the singles it gave us an advantage, Verdasco said.
Ghana coach Claude LeRoy said his team were let off the hook by Ivory Coast before coming back to win 4-2 in Saturday's third-place match at the African Nations Cup.
Ivory Coast led 2-1 after only 32 minutes and had several chances to add a third before Ghana struck back with three goals in the last 20 minutes.
We were not far from being completely out of the game by halftime, said LeRoy.
I told my players that maybe something would happen in the second half because we were still alive and we tried to sort out what was wrong.
I'm so happy we have won this game, added the coach, who said on Friday that he had been offered the chance to continue in the post.
I vory Coast's Gerard Gili looked somewhat shell-shocked after his team, who began the tournament among the title favourites,.
Conceded four goals for the second game in a row.
My players have had a good tournament and I think we could have won the game in the first half, said Gili.
Ghana came back well in the second half and we were beaten by the quality of their football.
Olympique Marseille handed Nice their first home defeat of the season with a 2-0 win in their Mediterranean derby in Ligue 1 on Sunday.
Senegal striker Mamadou Niang, back from the African Nations Cup, opened the scoring in the first half and France forward Djibril Cisse doubled the advantage after the break.
Marseille, who have scored 11 goals in their last three matches, climb to fifth in the 20-strong league.
Nice stay fourth but drop 12 points behind leaders Olympique Lyon.
Strugglers Racing Lens moved up to 13th with a 4-1 win at Caen earlier on Sunday.
forward Toifilou Maoulida showing the northerners the way with the quickest goal in Ligue 1 this season, a header after 16 seconds.
Two goals from midfielder Mathieu Bodmer had helped Lyon crush strugglers Sochaux 4-1 on Saturday to stay four points clear at the top.
Lyon, chasing a seventh consecutive title, have 49 points from 24 matches.
Second-placed Girondins Bordeaux beat bottom club Metz 3-0 with two goals from Fernando Cavenaghi.
Third-placed Nancy, who had gone nine league matches without a win, beat Toulouse 1-0 with a late penalty from defender Sebastien Puygrenier, also on Saturday, to stay eight points off the pace.
Egypt stretched their African Nations Cup record to six titles when they retained the trophy by beating Cameroon 1-0 in the final on Sunday.
The Pharaohs, who had handed Cameroon their only previous defeat in a Nations Cup final in 1986 and beat them 4-2 in the group stage, prevailed again when Mohamed Aboutrika netted with 13 minutes remaining at the Ohene Djan stadium.
Striker Aboutrika connected with a Mohamed Zidan cross after the midfielder benefited from a Rigobert Song blunder in defence.
The centre back, playing in his third Nations Cup final, almost equalised in injury time for four-times winners Cameroon but his header went just above the crossbar.
Inter Milan battled to a 2-0 win at Catania on Sunday to remain eight points clear at the top of Serie A.
The hosts were the better side in the first half but Inter had a lucky break on 64 minutes when Esteban Cambiasso's tap-in from Javier Zanetti's header was allowed to stand despite him being just offside.
Substitute David Suazo netted with ease three minutes later to help the unbeaten champions up to 56 points and keep them clear of second-placed AS Roma, who put pressure on Inter by beating Reggina 2-0 on Saturday.
Cambiasso's strike is the latest in a number of controversial decisions which have gone Inter's way in recent weeks and following the goal Catania fans ironically applauded every decision of the referee.
Earlier substitute Alberto Paloschi finished superbly with his first touch in Serie A to hand a lethargic AC Milan a 1-0 win over Siena while Juventus won 2-1 at Udinese.
Paloschi, found the far corner from the edge of the area on 63 minutes to help Milan in fifth go two points behind fourth-placed Fiorentina, who drew 2-2 at Atalanta on Saturday.
Real Madrid's Brazilian striker Robinho is in doubt for their Champions League tie at AS Roma next week after tearing a muscle in his abdomen, the Spanish club confirmed on Monday.
The diagnostic is a micro-tear on the right side of his abdominal muscles which should keep him off the pitch for between ten and 15 days, the Spanish champions said on their website.
Robinho picked up the injury during Real's 7-0 victory over Valladolid at the weekend.
England are top of UEFA's fair play rankings and could benefit from an additional UEFA Cup spot next season, European soccer's governing body said on Tuesday.
England lead Norway and Germany at the top of the table and will secure an extra place in the UEFA Cup's first qualifying round if they remain first when the final standings are calculated at the end of April.
The fair play rankings are based on the performances of national teams and clubs competing in European competition and involve criteria such as crowd behaviour, positive play and an avoidance of yellow and red cards.
UEFA said two other qualifying spots would be allocated on a lottery basis between all the associations who finish with an average fair play ranking of at least eight points.
Sweden, France, Denmark, Spain, Estonia and Finland are the other countries to have reached that benchmark.
Bundesliga club VfL Bochum on Friday beat Hanover 96 2-1 in a league match played in Bochum.
The home side took the lead on the half hour through an own goal after goalkeeper Robert Enke clearance landed on the thigh of American international Steve Cherundolo and bounced over the line.
Hanover drew level within two minutes of the restart when Mike Hanke's header from a short distance gave goalkeeper Jan Lastuvka no chance.
Benjamin Auer put Bochum ahead again just five minutes later with another close range header.
The result sees Hanover stay in ninth place with 29 points, while Bochum move two places to 11th, three points behind Hanover.
Table-topping Bayern Munich take on third-placed SV Hamburg on Sunday, while Werder Bremen, who are three points behind Munich on 40 points, travel to Eintracht Frankfurt on Sunday.
Top-seeded Tiger Woods scraped past Australia's Aaron Baddeley after 20 tight holes on Friday to avoid making a third-round exit at the WGC-Accenture Match Play Championship for a third year in a row
The American world number one, tournament champion at La Costa in 2003 and 2004, fought back from one down with three holes to play before rolling in a 13-foot birdie putt to seal victory at the par-four second, the second extra hole
Woods had charged two up with birdies on the first two holes before his opponent piled on the pressure with six birdies in seven holes around the turn at Dove Mountain's Gallery Golf Club.
Baddeley, took the lead for the first time by rolling in a 10-footer on the 14th green but Woods levelled a tight match after hitting his tee shot to two feet at the par-three 16th.
You had to stay in it by making birdies, Woods said in a greenside television interview after piling up 12 birdies in a battle of high quality.
Matches like that are fun to be a part of U.S. Open champion Angel Cabrera reeled off three consecutive birdies from the seventh to beat American Steve Stricker 4&3.
The big-hitting Argentine had not reached the third round in any of his six previous appearances in the elite World Golf Championships event.
I played very, very well, especially on the front nine, and that's what made the difference, Cabrera told reporters after booking a place in Saturday's quarter-finals against American Stewart Cink.
Girondins Bordeaux missed the opportunity to cut the gap with Ligue 1 leaders Olympique Lyon to one point when they were held 0-0 at home by Lille on Sunday.
The Aquitaine side remain second in the standings with 49 points from 26 games, trailing Lyon by three points after the six-times champions beat bottom club Metz 2-0 on Saturday.
Lille, who have a game in hand, moved up one spot to 14th on 32 points.
The northerners had the clearest chance in a dull encounter 11 minutes from time when a Stephane Lichsteiner attempt was parried away by Bordeaux keeper Ulrich Rame.
Earlier on Sunday, Olympique Marseille's hopes of clinching a Champions League spot suffered a setback when they were held to a goalless draw at strugglers Toulouse.
The Provence side remain fifth with 39 points,10 adrift of Bordeaux.
Toulouse, with 28 points, stay in the relegation zone in 18th place.
Marseille started the game with leading strikers Djibril Cisse and Mamadou Niang on the bench, three days after qualifying for the last 16 of the UEFA Cup despite losing 2-0 at Spartak Moscow.
Eric Gerets's side dominated throughout but failed to break the deadlock although Cisse and Niang came off the bench in the 46th and 66th minutes respectively.
Cisse had two clear chances in the closing stages but was denied by Toulouse keeper Nicolas Douchez.
Bayern Munich extended their lead over Werder Bremen at the top of the Bundesliga to four points Sunday as Ze Roberto ensured a 1-1 draw at home to fourth-placed SV Hamburg.
Hamburg went into the match against Bayern sitting in fourth spot and knowing defeat would see them nine points adrift and out of the title race.
Instead a 1-1 draw means they return north joint third in table with Bayer Leverkusen and just two points adrift of Bremen.
The 69,000 fans at a sold-out Allianz Arena in Munich saw a first half bereft of clear-cut chances with Bayern going close only once, when on 23 minutes Luca Toni almost got on the end of a pass from Miroslav Klose.
However, the second half was a much more open affair with the first half-chance falling Hamburg's way in the 54th minute as Ze Roberto cut out a dangerous cross from Ivica Olic.
Within a minute, Ze Roberto could have put the home side in front but instead it was Olic who opened the scoring on the hour mark when a dreadful error from Lucio saw the Brazilian defender lose possession to David Jarolim, who promptly set up the Croatian to slam the ball home from 11 metres.
But six minutes later Bayern were level as substitute Franck Ribery pulled the ball back for Ze Roberto to make it 1-1 and salvage a point for Bayern.
The game finished on a sour note for Bayern as Mark van Bommel was sent off in added time when he received two yellow cards in quick succession, the second for gesturing his disgust at being booked in the first place.
The draw sees Bayern move on to 44 points, four clear of Bremen, who lost 1-0 at Eintracht Frankfurt Saturday, and six ahead of Hamburg and Bayer Leverkusen.
In the day's other match, the league's bottom two clubs Nuremberg and Energie Cottbus played out a 1-1 draw to remain mired in the relegation zone.
Marco Engelhardt put Nuremberg ahead in the 58th minute after some fine build-up work from Jan Koller but Cottbus equalized a minute later when Dennis Sorensen surprised Nuremberg goalkeeper Jaromir Blazek to score at the near post.
In Saturday action, Leverkusen took full advantage of Bremen's slip-up thanks to a 1-0 win over fellow challengers Schalke 04.
The defending champions VfB Stuttgart, who are having a disappointing season, beat SC Karlsruhe 3-1 in a local derby.
Hertha Berlin and VfL Wolfsburg played to a goalless draw in Berlin, while Borussia Dortmund won 1-0 against Hansa Rostock.
At the wrong end of the table MSV Duisburg scored an important 2-0 victory at fellow strugglers Arminia Bielefeld.
Tiger Woods romped to his eighth title in nine tournament appearances with a record 8&7 crushing of fellow American Stewart Cink in Sunday's final at the WGC-Accenture Match Play Championship.
Four up after dominating the morning round, the world number one reeled off three consecutive birdies from the 24th hole before sealing victory with a sparkling approach to two feet for a conceded birdie on the 29th green.
He piled up a remarkable 14 birdies in 29 holes to register his third triumph in 10 editions of the elite World Golf Championships events and his sixth successive tournament win worldwide.
Woods, who had previously won the WGC-Accenture Match Play Championship at La Costa in 2003 and 2004, shattered the record for the largest winning margin in the final.
American David Toms beat compatriot Chris DiMarco 6&5 to claim the 2005 title, also at La Costa.
Match play is very fickle and whatever your opponent does, you have to react, a smiling Woods said in a greenside interview after being presented with the coveted Walter Hagen Cup.
This week I made a bunch of birdies to advance.
I had a great feel for the greens and, once I got the pace, they the putts kept falling.
Already arguably the greatest player in history, Woods has now clinched 15 WGC crowns in 26 starts since the series began in 1999.
In claiming his 63rd PGA Tour title, he edged ahead of Arnold Palmer into fourth place in the all-time standings.
Only Sam Snead, Jack Nicklaus and Ben Hogan have won more I can't wait to see Arnie, said Woods, again flashing his trademark smile.
A Samuel Eto'o hat-trick helped Barcelona put the pressure on leaders Real Madrid in a 5-1 home win over bottom club Levante in the Primera Liga on Sunday.
Frank Rijkaard's side closed to within two points of Real, who were playing Getafe at the Bernabeu in the late game, with Cameroon's Eto'o and Argentina's Lionel Messi, who scored one and set up two, in irresistible form.
Levante had caused murmurs of unrest at the Nou Camp when they cancelled out Xavi's opener from the penalty spot just before the break, but they offered little as Barca upped the tempo in the second half.
Earlier, Villarreal came from behind to beat Athletic Bilbao 2-1 away to strengthen their hold on third place with 46 points, eight behind Barca.
Bilbao, who had only lost twice at Sam Mames in the league, took an early lead but second-half goals from Mexico striker Guillermo Franco and Spain full back Joan Capdevila sealed the points for Manuel Pellegrini's side.
Stuttering Atletico Madrid clung to fourth with 41 points despite losing 3-1 at Osasuna and are now just two ahead of a resurgent Sevilla, who cracked five past Real Zaragoza on Saturday.
Espanyol slipped to their sixth defeat in seven games when they went down 2-0 at Deportivo Coruna and are level on 39 points with Sevilla in sixth.
Barca looked to have gained the perfect start at the Nou Camp when Spain midfielder Xavi arrived late in the box to bury a loose ball in the back of the net after 14 minutes.
However, the expected flood of goals did not come straight away and it was the visitors who grew in confidence.
Midfielder Juanma's shot was pushed onto a post by Victor Valdes, and in the 41st minute Italy full back Gianluca Zambrotta's handball in the area earned Levante a penalty, which Riga duly converted.
Messi picked up Xavi's backheel and fired in from the edge of the area to restore Barca's lead a minute before halftime and he turned provider for Eto'o just after the restart, with a defence-splitting pass.
Messi squared for Eto'o to make it 4-1 after a great pass from Yaya Toure in the 62nd and substitute Bojan Krkic crossed for Eto'o to complete his hat-trick three minutes from time.
Inter Milan's lead in Serie A was reduced to nine points on Sunday when the champions drew 1-1 at Sampdoria and second-placed AS Roma beat Fiorentina 1-0.
Hernan Crespo's diving header prevented a depleted Inter from suffering their first league defeat of the season after the superb Antonio Cassano had given the home side the lead.
Roma, who visit Inter on Wednesday, defeated Fiorentina thanks to a controversial second-half strike from Brazilian defender Cicinho.
AC Milan went above Fiorentina into fourth on goal difference after substitute Filippo Inzaghi headed home in stoppage time for a 2-1 win over Palermo in the late game
Australian Mark Bresciano put the Sicilians ahead at the San Siro with a delicate finish before midfielder Massimo Ambrosini slid in Massimo Oddo's deep cross on 24 minutes.
Third-placed Juventus lost 2-1 at lowly Reggina on Saturday.
Parma, who drew 4-4 at Torino on Saturday, slipped back into the bottom three after Siena drew 2-2 at Atalanta.
Basement side Cagliari boosted their survival hopes with a 1-0 win over stuttering Lazio, as did Empoli, who defeated Catania 2-0 at home.
Livorno were sucked closer to the drop zone after going down 2-1 at home to Napoli but the game of the day was at Udinese where Genoa triumphed 5-3 and climbed to eighth after Italy striker Marco Borriello's hat-trick.
Inter boss Roberto Mancini, reeling from Tuesday's 2-0 Champions League defeat at Liverpool, travelled to former club Sampdoria without main strikers Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Julio Cruz because of injury.
Argentine striker Crespo showed their strength in depth, though, when he nodded in Dejan Stankovic's cross on 76 minutes after the in-form Cassano had expertly smashed home.
We went into this game after the Champions League match and we were a bit tired.
We suffered and battled after going behind, and a draw is a fair result, Mancini told Sky.
Roma, now four points above Juventus on 51, were fortunate to take the three points after Cicinho scuffed home with Francesco Totti standing in an offside position in front of Fiorentina keeper Sebastien Frey.
Fiorentina also lost top striker Adrian Mutu to injury in the first half and hit the bar through Zdravko Kuzmanovic.
Cicinho was dismissed in stoppage time for two quick bookings and will miss Wednesday's big game at Inter.
The San Siro game will determine everything.
It will be a fundamental match, Roma coach Luciano Spalletti told reporters.
Juve take on Torino in the Turin derby on Tuesday. 
American Astana rider Levi Leipheimer won the Tour of California cycle race for the second straight year here on Sunday.
American George Hincapie won the final stage of the eight-day race, 150km from Santa Clarita that finished with a rain-swept circuit race around the Rose Bowl Stadium.
Leipheimer, who rode for Discovery Channel when he won in 2007, finished in the main pack along with his nearest rivals to secure the crown.
Leipheimer, who seized the overall lead after Wednesday's third stage, had taken a 49-second lead over Briton David Millar into the final stage.
Everton leapfrogged Liverpool back into fourth place in the Premier League on Monday with an impressive 2-0 victory at Manchester City.
Goals in the first half from Ayegbeni Yakubu and Joleon Lescott were enough for Everton who moved three points above Liverpool in the race for the fourth Champions League.
Everton have 50 points from 27 games while Liverpool, who have played a game less, are on 47 along with Aston Villa.
City, who also still harbour ambitions of fourth place, had only lost once at home in the league this season and memorably won 2-1 at Manchester United in their last outing, but they were well beaten by Everton.
The visitors had already had a strong penalty shout declined and struck the woodwork before Nigerian Yakubu converted a Tim Cahill cross from close range after half an hour.
England central defender Lescott made it 2-0 seven minutes later with a well-directed header from a Lee Carsley free kick, his sixth league goal of the season.
Everton dominated after the break and would have won by more had it not been for a string of fine saves by City goalkeeper Joe Hart.
City's miserable night was complete when Martin Petrov was shown a red card in the last minute for a foul on Leon Osman.
AC Milan playmaker Kaka hopes to be fit to face Arsenal next week after the reoccurrence of a knee problem in Sunday's 2-1 win over Palermo.
The Brazilian came off at halftime as a precaution and was expected to miss Wednesday's match at Catania and next Saturday's clash with Lazio in order to be ready for the Champions League last 16 second leg at San Siro next Tuesday.
However, Kaka is more injured than first thought and could be a doubt for the crucial match, with the scores level at 0-0.
It hurts a lot, the world player of the year told TeleLombardia on Monday.
I hope to be fit for the Champions league match with Arsenal.
I definitely won't be there against Catania.
Kaka was reluctant to wade into the big debate in Italy over recent controversial refereeing decisions but did have one message for the officials.
Something must be done because at the moment I'm taking lots of whacks, not just me but also the other forwards, he said.
Former IBF and WBC light welterweight champion Ricky Hatton will return to the ring on May 24 with a possible fight against American Juan Lazcano, the English fighter said on Monday.
Hatton, still the IBO title holder at light welterweight, was knocked out by American Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas in December when he moved up a weight to challenge for the WBC welterweight title.
The Manchester-based fighter, beaten just once in his 44 professional career bouts, said he will move back down to light welterweight with the fight taking place in Manchester or London.
It would be nice to repay the fans as a way to say thank you to them for coming over to the States, Hatton told the BBC.
Vegas is like my second home and I will go back there.
The 32-year-old Lazcano has not fought since losing to Vivian Harris in an eliminator for the WBC light-welterweight title in Vegas a year ago.
He's a good fighter, we should have fought him before but he got injured, Hatton said.
David Beckham and the Los Angeles Galaxy will play an exhibition match March 9 against Hong Kong Union at Hong Kong Stadium, the Major League Soccer club announced Monday.
The match will be the third game of the Galaxy's exhibition tour of Asia which begins next week.
The Hong Kong game will mark the final game of the tour designed to tap into Beckham's huge popularity in Asia.
The game will follow matchups against FC Seoul in Seoul, South Korea on March 1 and Shanghai-Hong Kong United in Shanghai, China on March 5.
We are very excited to be able to add this important third match to the Galaxy's Asia Tour 2008, said Galaxy assistant GM Tom Payne said.
Last week, the Galaxy finished third in the inaugural Pan Pacific Championship tournament in Hawaii, losing their opening game 1-0 to Japanese club Gamba Osaka before beating Australia's Sydney FC 2-1 in the third-place game.
The Galaxy were due to leave Hawaii for Seoul on Monday.
Arsenal's Eduardo da Silva has forgiven Birmingham City defender Martin Taylor for the tackle that left him with a fractured left fibula and dislocated ankle.
The Brazilian-born Croatia international faces up to nine months on the sidelines after undergoing surgery on Saturday.
He suffered the injury during the weekend's Premier League match that ended in a 2-2 draw.
I forgive Martin.
It hurt like hell but I'm fine now.
I know he did not do it on purpose, Eduardo was quoted as saying in Tuesday's Sun newspaper.
I was horrified when I saw how my leg looked at first and wondered how it would all end.
But I will be back.
The striker, who turned 25 on Monday, refused to get too disheartened.
These things can happen in football.
I see this as a risk
of professional football, he told the Daily Mail.
Sometimes you go up, sometimes you go down.
Arsenal said he would be released from hospital in a few days.
Australian goalkeeper Danny Vukovic on Tuesday was considering an appeal against a 15-month ban for striking referee Mark Shield in Sunday's A-League final between his Central Coast Mariners and the Newcastle Jets.
Vukovic was given the ban - six months of it suspended on a probationary basis - after his side lost 1-0 in the Sydney final.
Vukovic struck Shield in a melee just minutes from full-time, when it was claimed the referee had missed a blatant penalty-box handball by a Newcastle player.
Had the penalty been converted, the match would have gone into extra time.
Vukovic will not be eligible to play in next season's A-League competition until November 24.
He also loses his chance to keep for Australia at this year's Beijing Olympics.
Dutchman Pim Verbeek, the Australia coach, said he was disappointed by Vukovic.
I think that's one of the things players have to learn, Verbeek said It's stupid, there's no doubt about that.
We can be honest about that.
He should have never done that.
Hopefully he will learn from it, and hopefully every player can learn from it, because you can not accept things like that as a professional football player.
Liverpool piled more misery on Newcastle United with a 3-0 victory at Anfield in the Premier League on Saturday.
First-half goals from Jermaine Pennant and Fernando Torres, his 25th of the season, and Steven Gerrard's effort after the break strengthened Liverpool's hold on fourth place.
Relegation-threatened Newcastle, without a league win since December, have picked up only two points in seven matches since Kevin Keegan returned as manager in January and are leaking goals at an alarming rate.
It was disappointing, Keegan told Sky Sports television.
The first goal was a killer but other than that I didn't think we showed enough courage or self belief on the ball.
They were much better than us.
Reading, third from bottom at the start, jumped five places with a 2-0 home victory over Manchester City while second-from-bottom Fulham drew 1-1 at Blackburn Rovers.
League leaders Arsenal have the chance to forge four points clear of second-placed Manchester United when they travel to Wigan Athletic on Sunday.
Everton visit Sunderland the same day and Tottenham Hotspur host West Ham United.
Liverpool, who have suddenly hit form despite the off-field battle for control of the club, had the points in the bag thanks to two goals before halftime.
Pennant enjoyed a huge slice of fortune when Jose Enrique's 43rd-minute clearance hit him and looped into the net but there was no luck in Torres's strike two minutes later when he slotted past keeper Steve Harper after being played in by Gerrard.
Liverpool, who travel to Inter Milan next week protecting a 2-0 advantage in the Champions League.
Were able to coast after Torres turned provider for captain Gerrard six minutes into the second half.
Rafa Benitez's side now have 56 points from 29 games, three more than Everton in fifth and two fewer than third-placed Chelsea who have two games in hand.
Newcastle, who have conceded 13 goals in their last four league games, are only three points above the relegation zone with most of the teams below them having played fewer matches.
Reading, who snapped a long losing sequence last week at Middlesbrough, had second-half goals from Shane Long and Dave Kitson to thank for the win over City that make their survival chances rosier.
City have not scored in their last three league matches.
Fulham look to be heading down despite their battling draw at Blackburn.
Morten Gamst Pedersen put Rovers in front before Jimmy Bullard's late equaliser.
The London club are six points from safety.
Serie A leaders Inter Milan went nine points clear on Saturday after celebrating their centenary with a regulation 2-0 win over second-from-bottom Reggina.
AS Roma can cut the gap back to six points on Sunday if they win at Napoli, where champions Inter suffered their first defeat of the league season last weekend, going down 1-0.
Inter striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic, returning after two weeks out with a knee problem, opened the scoring with a penalty and proved his fitness ahead of Tuesday's Champions League last 16 second leg at home to Liverpool, who lead 2-0.
The Swede, who also hit the bar with a free kick, netted his 15th of the campaign on 14 minutes after Esteban Cambiasso was sandwiched by Carlos Adrian Valdez and Luca Tognozzi.
However, the first contact was just outside the area in the latest of a series of fortunate decisions for Inter this season.
Defender Nicolas Burdisso made it 2-0 on 34 minutes with a bullet header from Luis Jimenez's deep free kick.
Reggina had chances but keeper Julio Cesar, who made a rare blunder for Napoli's goal last Sunday, was back to his best.
It was important to react after a period that's not been all that positive, coach Roberto Mancini told reporters before turning his thoughts to Liverpool.
It will have to be a special night.
Inter were formed on March 9, 1908 when a group broke away from Milan Cricket and Football Club, later to become AC Milan, because they wanted to open up a team to foreigners.
Inter have never been relegated from the top flight since.
Events have been going on all week to celebrate the centenary but the game did not go entirely to plan with Hernan Crespo hurting his head and joining a lengthy injury list.
Marco Materazzi partnered usual right back Burdisso in central defence with Walter Samuel and Ivan Cordoba out for the season, but Materazzi is suspended for Tuesday so Inter are hoping Cristian Chivu can shrug off a shoulder problem to play.
Captain Javier Zanetti, predominantly a right midfielder nowadays, started at left back with Maxwell injured.
During the party after the game, the San Siro's giant screens showed video messages from former Inter players while a wedding for two fans was also held
Club president Massimo Moratti, who upset Milan and Juventus during the week with comments about Inter's superiority, also attempted to sing but hastily gave up.
In Saturday's other match, Palermo in eighth drew 1-1 with sixth-placed Udinese after Fabio Simplicio's 20-metre volley for the Sicilians was cancelled out by Felipe's second-half goal.
Olympique Lyon moved closer to a seventh consecutive Ligue 1 title by beating Girondins Bordeaux 4-2 with two Mathieu Bodmer goals in a pulsating top-of-the-table clash on Sunday.
Lyon gained a measure of consolation for their Champions League elimination by Manchester United, moving six points clear of second-placed Bordeaux.
Midfielder Bodmer showed the home side the way by tapping home a Fabio Grosso cross on 12 minutes before doubling the advantage with a classic effort 12 minutes later.
Bodmer controlled the ball with his chest once to flick the ball over Bordeaux midfielder Alou Diarra, then twice before firing into the top right corner with a magnificent volley.
Visitors Bordeaux kept fighting and reduced the arrears before the break with a free kick from 25 metres by Brazilian midfielder Wendel.
Lyon were soon back in control, however, France striker Karim Benzema scoring with an angled shot from the edge of the box for his 17th league goal this season five minutes into the second half.
Argentine striker Fernando Cavenaghi kept the match alive with a penalty for Bordeaux 10 minutes later but Lyon held tight before completing the scoring in added time through Ivory Coast forward Kader Keita.
It was a very good match, very intense with a lot of emotions, Lyon coach Alain Perrin said after a spectacular but tense contest featuring eight yellow cards.
Credit to Bordeaux, who never gave up and made us fight very hard for this, Perrin told French television channel Canal Plus.
Olympique Marseille extended their home winning streak to eight games with a 2-0 win over St Etienne earlier on Sunday.
Second-half goals by midfielder Mathieu Valbuena and Nigeria defender Taye Taiwo kept fourth-placed Marseille in the hunt for a Champions League berth, three points behind third-placed Nancy, who defeated Monaco 2-0 on Saturday.
The FA Cup will boast one Premier League side in the last four after Cardiff City continued a weekend of shocks by beating Middlesbrough 2-0 on Sunday.
First-half goals from Peter Whittingham and Roger Johnson handed the Championship second division side a deserved win at the Riverside and a place in the semi-finals alongside
Portsmouth, Barnsley and five-times winners West Bromwich Albion, who last lifted the trophy in 1968.
The last time there was only one top-flight team in the FA Cup semi-finals was 1908.
West Brom restored some order to the competition after the Championship promotion challengers ended the run of League One third division outfit Bristol Rovers with a 5-1 victory, Ishmael Miller hitting a hat-trick.
On Saturday, Barnsley stunned holders Chelsea with a 1-0 win at Oakwell while Portsmouth ousted Premier League champions and last season's beaten finalists Manchester United with a 1-0 success at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Portsmouth are now favourites to win a second FA Cup, 69 years after their first triumph.
Cardiff are the only non-English FA Cup winners after lifting the trophy in 1927 and manager Dave Jones said he hoped his modern-day side could achieve their own slice of history.
Its important for us as a football club.
I get it rammed down my throat 1927 every time so we're trying to make our own history, and these boys deserve it and I'm sure the plane will be rocking, not with the wind but with us on it tonight, Jones told BBC Sport.
Cardiff rocked Middlesbrough by taking a ninth-minute lead - Whittingham producing some trickery inside the penalty box before unleashing a curling shot into the top right hand corner past a flailing Mark Schwarzer.
Boro claimed that a Cardiff player had handled in the build-up to the goal but their protests were waved away.
Whittingham then turned provider as the Welsh side doubled their lead on 22 minutes.
His freekick from the left was missed by all of Boro's static defenders who failed to pick up Johnson's run and the defender scored with a well-placed diving header.
James Morrison fired West Brom ahead after 16 minutes against Bristol Rovers, slotting in after keeper Steve Phillips had parried a shot into his path.
Miller hammered in a second on the half-hour before Rovers got one back immediately through Danny Coles following a corner.
Miller poked in to make it 3-1, substitute Kevin Phillips got a fourth and Miller completed his hat-trick in a one-sided second half.
The draw for the semi-finals is on Monday. 
Since the Football League began in 1888-89 there has never been a final between two clubs from outside the top division.
Hamburg SV missed a chance to go second in the Bundesliga when they drew 0-0 at Nuremberg on Sunday, while Bayer Leverkusen boosted their Champions League hopes with a 2-0 win over Hanover 96.
Hamburg played poorly against relegation candidates Nuremberg and only came away with a point thanks to a penalty save from Frank Rost at the end of the first half.
The result completed a great weekend for leaders Bayern Munich, who are seven points clear after their 2-0 win at home to Karlsruhe on Saturday.
Bayern have 50 points from 23 games, followed by Werder Bremen on 43, who suffered a humiliating 6-3 defeat at VfB Stuttgart on Saturday.
Hamburg stay third on 42, followed closely by Leverkusen on 41 after goals from Theofanis Gekas and Tranquillo Barnetta saw them to a comfortable win at home to Hanover.
Nuremberg are third from bottom.
While Bayern are now clear favourites for the title, the race for European places is too close to call.
The top two in Germany qualify directly for the Champions League, with the third-placed team going through to the final qualifying round.
Midfielder Xabi Alonso will miss Liverpool's Champions League match at Inter Milan on Tuesday because his girlfriend is having a baby, coach Rafael Benitez said on Monday.
Liverpool, 2-0 up from the first leg, will also be without right back Steve Finnan through injury but Javier Mascherano is fit to play after recovering from a dead leg.
Alonso's girlfriend is having a baby so he will not be here, the Spanish coach told a news conference ahead of the last 16, second leg.
He wanted to come if everything was okay but we couldn't wait so in the end we had to decide.
I cannot wait, wait, wait I need to use my squad.
Mascherano is ok, he is fit and will be here.
During the news conference, Benitez was informed of reports that Liverpool co-owner Tom Hicks had terminated talks with DIC over a stake in the club.
Benitez said his side would not be distracted.
My reaction is trying to score a goal and win the game, he said.
We know we can not defend for a long time against a very good team.
We need to attack.
I have a lot of confidence that we will go forward.
Last season's runners-up have won five in a row coming into the match with striker Fernando Torres and captain Steven Gerrard in top form.
Jamie Carragher, who may play right back in the absence of Finnan, is also set to become the first Liverpool player to appear in 100 European games on Tuesday.
We know that Torres is on fire, the understanding with Gerrard is good, Benitez added.
Carragher is a player with a good mentality, he is a key player for us now and in the future.
A Brazilian referee was given a 15-day suspension on Monday for failing to send off a player despite showing him two yellow cards.
The incident occurred in the Paulista championship on Sunday when referee Jose Henrique de Carvalho twice booked Guaratingueta midfielder Magal in the first half of the 2-0 defeat by Corinthians.
He made some serious mistakes, Marcos Maurinho, head of the Paulista federation's refereeing committee, told Jovem Pan radio.
There was a procedural error when he wrote down he had given a card for the number five instead of number eight.
He maintained the decision even after being told by the fourth official.
Carvalho, who sent off Corinthians player Bovio in the first half, acknowledged the mistake in a television interview after the game and apologised to supporters.
A similar incident occurred at the 2006 World Cup when England's Graham Poll failed to send off Croatia's Josip Simunic after handing him a second yellow card against Australia.
Simunic was finally dismissed after the final whistle when he was given a third yellow card for dissent.
Karim Benzema's last-gasp goal earned Olympique Lyon a French Cup quarter-final place after a 2-1 home win over holders Sochaux on Tuesday.
The France striker, who also opened the scoring 10 minutes into the second half, struck the winner a minute into added time when he poked home Kader Keita's cross from the right.
Benzema's goal came just two minutes after Kandia Traore had got Sochaux back in the match with an equaliser.
Earlier on Tuesday, two goals by Loris Arnaud gave Paris St Germain a 2-1 win over Ligue 2 Bastia in their last 16 match.
Lyon, who have not lifted the trophy since beating Nantes 2-1 in the 1973 final, have won all four meetings with Sochaux this season after prevailing twice in Ligue 1 and once in the season opening Trophy of Champions.
Lyon went ahead when Benzema collected a defence-splitting Cris pass before beating goalkeeper Teddy Richert from close range but a handling error by Lyon keeper Gregory Coupet from Traore's effort gifted Sochaux an 89th-minute equaliser.
However, a lapse in concentration by Sochaux's defence allowed Lyon to score a deserved second goal as extra time loomed.
At Parc de Princes, PSG's 20-year-old striker Arnaud was the brightest player in a mostly inexperienced team against Bastia.
He opened the scoring after 18 minutes only for Pierre-Yves Andre to equalise for the Corsicans with a stunning 25-metre volley five minutes later.
However, Arnaud netted the winner when he latched onto a Sylvain Armand cross from the left in the 67th minute.
The victory was a morale boost for PSG, who are only just above the relegation zone in 17th spot in Ligue 1, ahead of a tricky league fixture at leaders Lyon on Sunday.
Ligue 2 Dijon reached the quarter-finals with a 3-1 win over third division Tours while Sedan beat Angers 2-0 in an all Ligue 2 clash.
Wednesday's last 16 matches feature second-placed Ligue 1 side Girondins Bordeaux against improving Lille while bottom team Metz visit Lorient.
Ten-times winners Olympique Marseille travel to amateurs Carquefou, who play in the fifth division.
The quarter-final ties will be played on April 15 and 16.
Bundesliga side Borussia Dortmund beat 10-man Carl Zeiss Jena of the second division 3-0 in a German Cup semi-final on Tuesday.
The 1989 Cup winners will play the winner of Wednesday's semi-final between Bayern Munich and VfL Wolfsburg in the April 19 final in Berlin's Olympic stadium.
Brazil midfielder Tinga headed in a rebound in the 13th minute for Dortmund, who will be making their fourth trip to the Cup final, after Jena's Belarus goalkeeper Vasili Khomutovski batted away a Mladen Petric shot.
Jena who had reached the semi-finals by knocking out Bundesliga sides VfB Stuttgart, Nuremberg and Arminia Bielefeld put up a brave fight in the rain at Dortmund before a Cup record crowd of 80,708.
But Jena, struggling at the bottom of the second division table, were reduced to 10 men when Czech playmaker Jan Simak was sent of with two yellow cards for complaining about a foul in the 51st minute.
Dortmund coach Thomas Doll's decision to introduce Diego Klimowicz and Florian Kringe in the 69th minute proved inspired.
Two minutes later Klimowicz tapped in a rebound off a Kringe shot before Petric got the third goal three minutes from time.
We're all happy now, Doll, whose team are in 13th place in the Bundesliga, told reporters.
We've haven't exactly spoiled the crowd here for a while.
We didn't play very good.
It's been a rocky road for us.
Jena coach Henning Buerger said Simak's ejection was the turning point.
He's angry at himself right now, Buerger said.
But it's behind us now.
It's too bad we went out like this.
Three-times champion Roger Federer barely raised a sweat in brushing aside Frenchman Nicolas Mahut 6-1 6-1 in the Pacific Life Open third round on Tuesday.
The Swiss world number one and top seed, back in action at Indian Wells after recovering from a viral problem, outclassed his opponent in a match lasting 53 minutes on the Stadium Court.
I enjoy matches like this, Federer told reporters after setting up a fourth-round clash with Croat Ivan Ljubicic who upset 15th-seeded Tommy Robredo 6-3 6-4.
Having the sensation like I had today towards the end of the second set when you feel everything's going your way, you've got his game perfectly figured out and everything you're trying to do sort of works as well, it's just a good feeling.
I was really happy to break that often and I had no problems whatsoever on my own serve, added the 26-year-old after unleashing nine aces and winning 23 out of 24 points on his first serve.
It was a perfect match really for me.
Federer, who had competed in only two tournaments this season after succumbing to glandular fever, broke Mahut twice to sweep through the opening set.
The Swiss again broke the Frenchman in the third, fifth and seventh games of the second to ease into the fourth round.
A protracted rally in the fifth game underlined the near-impossible task facing Mahut when Federer, at full stretch on his forehand, delivered a pinpoint topspin lob to win the point.
Champion at Indian Wells for three years in a row from 2004, Federer suffered a surprise loss in the second round last year to Argentina's Guillermo Canas.
In his abbreviated campaign this year, he lost to Serb Novak Djokovic in the Australian Open semi-finals before being beaten in the first round in Dubai by Briton Andy Murray.
Federer, however, has cruised through his first two matches this week for the loss of just seven games.
I am overall excited being back, happy to be playing well, he said.
I couldn't really practise the way I wanted to before the Australian Open.
This time it's very different and I'm really looking forward to the rest.
Earlier on Tuesday, seventh-seeded David Nalbandian of Argentina scraped past Czech Radek Stepanek 7-6 0-6 7-6 in a third-round match lasting two-and-a-quarter hours.
Later in the day, fourth-seeded Russian Nikolay Davydenko faces American Mardy Fish and Murray, the 11th seed, meets Croat Ivo Karlovic.
Swiss Fabian Cancellara celebrated his 27th birthday with victory in the Tirreno-Adriatico on Tuesday.
The CSC rider finished 28th on the seventh and last stage won by Italy's Francesco Chicchi but ended the week-long race 16 seconds ahead of Italian Enrico Gasparotto.
Swede Thomas Lovkvist was third at 40 seconds.
The final 176-km stage around the holiday resort of San Benedetto del Tronto was affected by rain and Cancellara stayed out of trouble by riding in the front group.
The victory was his 41st in eight years as a professional.
He also won the Paris-Roubaix in 2006 and the world time trial title in 2006 and 2007.
I'm going to celebrate this victory and my 27th birthday with my team mates because they did a lot of work for me during the race, Cancellara told reporters.
Before the start I didn't consider myself a contender but I was able to win because of the hard work and training I've done in the last few months.
I won the time trial stage on Sunday and then hung on to the lead on the climbs.
Cancellara's victory will make him one of the favourites for Saturday's Milan-San Remo race but he refused to discuss his tactics for the first prestigious 'classic' of the season.
We've got on idea of our tactics at CSC but we're not going to tell anyone, he said.
We've got a strong team and Frank Schleck could also win so we've got several cards we could play.
Everybody will be watching me but I don't feel under pressure.
I'm going to stay in Milan in the next few days and stay focused on the race.
The Andean community joined the fight on Tuesday to reverse FIFA's ban on playing international matches at high altitude.
FIFA said last week that internationals can only be played above 2,750 metres if visiting teams are given one week to acclimatise and two weeks for matches above 3,000 metres, effectively ruling out games at these heights.
The stadium in Bolivia's capital, La Paz, is perched some 3,600 metres above sea level.
Ehlers expressed his support for Bolivia's call, made to all of South America, to not recognise FIFA's ruling and said he thinks the ban is heavy-handed, said a spokesman for Freddy Ehlers, secretary general of the Andean Community, a trade bloc that counts Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador and Colombia as members.
On Monday, Bolivian President Evo Morales played a match in La Paz with Diego Maradona, captain of Argentina's 1986 World Cup-winning team, to show it was possible to run and breathe at high altitude.
Maradona described the ban as disgraceful.
Various other cities in Bolivia, and throughout Latin America, are affected by the FIFA ruling that was first introduced in May.
Following protests, the ban was dropped but reintroduced in December and upheld at a meeting in Zurich on Friday.
Saoul Mamby trains himself at John's Gym, a South Bronx oasis suspended in time a perfect fit for a former world champion who is fighting on at the age of 60.
It is not just to stay in shape that Mamby is skipping, working the speed bag, sparring and pounding a heavy bag hung from the rafters of the musky, converted postal station.
He wants a shot at winning another title.
I fought the best in the world.
At one time I was the best in the world, the grandfather of 11 told Reuters at the gym, where old timers visit and schoolchildren take their first steps towards learning the craft of boxing alongside professional wannabes.
If I can reach that level again, there's no harm in trying.
I don't want to sit back and be one of those shoulda, coulda, woulda people.
Earlier this month, Mamby, who was first crowned WBC light welterweight champion 28 years ago, became what is believed to be the oldest boxer ever in a sanctioned bout when he lost a 10-round decision in the Cayman Islands.
Mamby, lean and articulate with no grey showing in his braided brown locks, said he was rusty against 32-year-old Jamaican Anthony Osbourne, whose dismal record rose to 7-25-1.
I need fights like that to bring myself to where I was, said Mamby, whose record dropped to 45-34-6.
I hadn't fought in eight years, fighting a fighter who has been active.
I was in good shape but my tools were rusty.
The native New Yorker, a superb defensive boxer who failed to go the distance only once in his remarkable career when he was stopped at the age of 46 by American Derrell Coley, is not impressed by the current crop of fighters.
With all the titles out there today, it's not like when I was champ before.
I was WBC, Aaron Pryor was WBA, said Mamby, who made five successful defences in two-and-a-half years as champion.
Now they have multiple alphabet soups so my theory is one of them belongs to me.
He said he was not worried about getting hurt.
Mamby won the World Boxing Council light welterweight title from South Korean Kim Sang-hyun in February 1980 by stopping him in the 14th round in Seoul.
He made his first defence against Esteban De Jesus of Puerto Rico, the only man to beat Roberto Duran over the Panamanian's first 73 professional fights.
Mamby, who frequently fought overseas, also defended against Thomas Americo in his native Indonesia and against Nigerian Obisia Nwankpa in Lagos before relinquishing the title to American Leroy Haley in a split decision in June 1982.
He traces his determination to a haunting tour of military duty in Vietnam.
I used to sit down with the guys, he reminisced about his fellow soldiers, I would listen to everybody, what they were going to do.
Maybe a month later, a few days later, they put them in body bags.
Whatever you want to do, you do it, I vowed.
This is what I like to do, so I'm doing it.
Mamby, son of a Jamaican father and a Spanish mother, takes his freedom of choice seriously.
When I was a kid, 20 years old, they sent me to war.
Now that I have a little age on me you're going to tell me what I fought for I'm not allowed to participate in. 
I fought for freedom, justice and equality.
Now here I am, 60 years old and you're going to tell me 'you can't fight, you're too old'.
Surrounded by the yellowed newspaper pictures of boxing greats taped to the dingy walls of John's Gym, Mamby recalled some memorable opponents, including Duran. 
He was knocking everybody out but I lasted for a decision, he said.
He was a good fighter but he wasn't the hardest fight I had.
The hardest fight I had was a guy from Indonesia named Thomas Americo.
 I fought him 15 rounds in the first championship bout in Indonesia.
Mamby grinned when he thought of De Jesus.
Every Puerto Rican in New York lost money, because they all bet I was going to lose and I knocked him out in the 13th round.
The best current boxer, according to Mamby, is Floyd Mayweather Jr. Mayweather is a good fighter but realistically, he wouldn't have stood up to Duran.
Mamby thinks that after two or three warm-up fights he would match up well against Briton Ricky Hatton, recognised by Ring Magazine as the world's best super lightweight, who lost to Mayweather in a welterweight title fight.
Athletic Bilbao were awarded a 2-1 victory and Real Betis were given a two-match stadium ban by the Spanish Football Federation's competition committee on Tuesday.
The ruling came after Saturday's Primera Liga match at the Manuel Ruiz de Lopera stadium was abandoned in the 69th minute after Bilbao goalkeeper Armando was hit in the face by a bottle thrown from the stands.
Bilbao were winning the game 2-1 at the time and the RFEF said in a statement on their Web site The result will stand from when the game was stopped.
Betis will be fined 9,000 euros and will have their sporting facilities closed for two matches.
Both teams have 10 days to appeal the decision.
Committee president Alfredo Florez told reporters there had been exceptional circumstances that had influenced their decision, and they had taken into account the fact that Betis fans quickly helped identify the aggressor to stadium security.
The game was given as completed because there were only a few minutes left and Bilbao had made already made all three substitutions, he said.
They would have had to continue with ten men and without a goalkeeper.
A Betis fan was standing in the front row just behind the goal at Saturday's game, when he threw a small plastic water bottle full of liquid at Armando, as he went to get a ball for a goal kick.
The visiting keeper was struck just below the right eye and required a number of stitches for a cut.
A 40-year-old Betis fan with the initials CPR, a builder from near Seville, has been charged with a public disorder offence and with causing injury.
Carmelo is really affected by all this because he is a true Betis fan, the accused's lawyer Alvaro Pimentel was quoted as saying in Spanish media on Tuesday.
All he asks now is that people show respect towards his family.
Betis had been petitioning for the remaining 21 minutes of the game to be completed, while Bilbao had called for tough sanctions and to be given the points.
Both teams are involved in the battle to avoid relegation. 
It is not the first time such an incident has occurred at the Manuel Ruiz de Lopera.
Last season, Sevilla coach Juande Ramos, now at Tottenham Hotspur, was knocked out after being hit by a bottle thrown from the stands during a King's Cup quarter-final match there.
That game was abandoned and the remaining 33 minutes played behind closed doors at Getafe's stadium while Betis were given a three-match stadium ban.
Inter Milan moved seven points clear at the top of Serie A on Wednesday despite drawing 1-1 at Genoa, after second-placed AS Roma lost 3-2 to Lazio in a thrilling city derby.
A late Marco Borriello goal earned Genoa a point after Honduran striker David Suazo scored in the 12th minute for Inter, who had Portuguese midfielder Pele sent off for a second yellow just before halftime.
Roma were sunk by a stoppage-time winner from Lazio's Swiss midfielder Valon Behrami.
Goran Pandev and Tommaso Rocchi also scored for Lazio with Rodrigo Taddei and Simone Perrotta on target for Roma.
Third-placed Juventus have 55 points from 29 games, 13 fewer than Inter, after being held to a goalless draw at struggling Empoli.
Fiorentina stay fourth and in control of Italy's final Champions League qualification slot despite losing 2-0 at Napoli, for whom Argentine striker Ezequiel Lavezzi hit a double.
Fifth-placed Milan remain four points behind the Florence side after losing 2-1 to Sampdoria at the San Siro.
Inter had looked comfortable after Suazo tucked away a sweet Zlatan Ibrahimovic cross until Pepe's harsh red card.
The home side then laid siege to Inter's goal in the second half and were rewarded five minutes from time when Borriello scissor-kicked home the rebound from a Julio Cesar save to claim his 17th league goal of the season.
Roma took the lead just after the half hour against lazio when a Behrami clearance ricocheted off Taddei's chest and into the goal.
Macedonia striker Pandev equalised for Lazio shortly before the break and Rocchi drilled home a penalty just before the hour after Rolando Bianchi was felled.
Italy midfielder Simone Perrotta then made it 2-2 and Roma had looked the more likely side to score a winner before Behrami's snatched it for Lazio.
At the San Siro Christian Maggio fired in from short range and midfielder Gennaro Delvecchio wriggled past Alessandro Nesta and slipped the ball home to put Sampdoria 2-0 up at halftime.
Manchester United opened up a three-point lead at the top of the Premier League on Wednesday with a 2-0 victory over Bolton Wanderers.
The prolific Cristiano Ronaldo inspired the Reds to a fourth consecutive league victory with two classy first-half goals.
In a rip-roaring London derby at White Hart Lane, Chelsea drew 4-4 with Tottenham Hotspur. 
Two goals from Joe Cole looked to have put Chelsea level on points with second-placed Arsenal before Robbie Keane equalised with a stunning 88th-minute shot.
United have 70 points from 30 games, Arsenal have 67 and Chelsea have 65.
Bayern Munich scored two second-half goals to beat VfL Wolfsburg 2-0 in the German Cup semi-final on Wednesday.
France playmaker Franck Ribery and Miroslav Klose scored to lead the home side to victory over Wolfsburg, with former Bayern coach Felix Magath in charge, and into the final next month against Borussia Dortmund.
Bayern, who went into the game on a two-match losing streak, went ahead when Ribery caught up with a through ball from Germany striker Klose on the hour and beat Diego Benaglio with a
crisp low shot between the Wolfsburg goalkeeper's legs. 
Six minutes later an unmarked Klose tapped in from the right after Benaglio was only able to knock down a Lukas Podolski shot from the left.
Keeping alive Bayern's hopes of three titles this season in the German Cup, Bundesliga and UEFA Cup.
Dortmund beat second division Carl Zeiss Jena 3-0 in the first semi on Tuesday.
Getafe reached their second consecutive King's Cup final after drawing 1-1 away to Racing Santander in their semi-final second leg on Wednesday.
Michael Laudrup's side won the first leg 3-1 at home last month and survived a torrid time at the Sardinero after Pedro Munitis gave Racing an early lead.
They withstood intense pressure until the second-half dismissal of Racing striker Oscar Serrano, after which Francisco Casquero snatched a late equaliser.
Getafe, who face Bayern Munich in a UEFA Cup quarter-finals next month, lost 1-0 to Sevilla in their first final appearance last season.
They will meet either Valencia or Barcelona, who play the other semi-final second leg at the Mestalla on Thursday.
The scores are level at 1-1 The final is on April 16.
Getafe were penned back as last-four debutants Racing piled forward in search of an early breakthrough which they got after seven minutes.
Jorge Lopez collected a short corner and drilled a low ball across the face of the goal for forward Munitis to stab in from close range.
The rest of the half ebbed and flowed with both goalkeepers making important interventions.
Racing missed the clearest opening for a second just before the break.
Serrano's low cross found Mohamed Tchite sliding into the six-yard box but the striker somehow put the ball over the bar.
Racing stepped up the pressure again after the break and it was one-way traffic as Gonzalo Colsa, Tchite and Ebi Smolarek all went close.
But the second yellow card for Serrano in the 76th minute proved the turning point.
Five minutes later, Getafe worked the ball across the edge of the area to substitute Casquero who lashed a shot high into the net.
Racing complained bitterly as defender Ezequiel Garay went down injured in the build up to the goal, and tempers boiled over in the tunnel after the final whistle.
Fifth division Carquefou caused a French Cup sensation by knocking out 10-times winners Olympique Marseille with a 1-0 win on Wednesday to reach the quarter-finals.
The amateurs from a small western town near Nantes moved in front after seven minutes through Senegalese midfielder Papa Idrissa N'Doye.
Marseille never recovered.
Playing before a 35,000 crowd in Nantes, Carquefou fought bravely and resisted under sustained but clumsy pressure from their prestigious opponents until the final whistle.
The amateurs, who had eliminated Ligue 1 frontrunners Nancy in the previous round, then embarked on a lap of honour to a standing ovation.
Ligue 1 title contenders Girondins Bordeaux had earlier needed two goals in extra time to beat Lille 2-0.
Brazilian midfielder Fernando exploited a blunder by the visitors' defence to put Bordeaux in front 96 minutes into a dull affair.
Bordeaux, lying second in the league standings, then needed a superb save from goalkeeper Ulrich Rame from a close-range effort by Lille striker Nicolas Fauvergue to stay in front.
Forward David Bellion put the issue beyond doubt by heading home a Franck Jurietti cross on 114 minutes.
Two Karim Benzema goals gave Ligue 1 leaders Olympique Lyon a 2-1 win over holders Sochaux on Tuesday.
Defending champion Rafael Nadal came from a set down and 3-5 behind in the third to scrape past Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 6-7 7-6 7-5 in the Pacific Life Open fourth round on Wednesday.
In a repeat of this year's Australian Open semi-final in which Tsonga upset the Spaniard, Nadal gained revenge by winning a fluctuating encounter in just over three hours.
The second seed claimed the last four games as Tsonga's high-risk strategy ultimately backfired and will next meet either Frenchman Richard Gasquet or American James Blake who were playing later on Wednesday.
On a sun-drenched afternoon at Indian Wells Tennis Garden, Nadal and Tsonga traded service breaks in the first two games of the match on the showpiece Stadium Court and then held serve to take the opening set into a tiebreak.
Although the long-haired Spaniard established a 3-1 lead, Tsonga dominated the rest of the tiebreak.
A searing forehand winner down the line put the 22-year-old Frenchman 4-3 up, an ace took him to 6-3 and he clinched the set 7-4 when left-hander Nadal hit a forehand long.
The second set also began with successive breaks of serve before the two baseline sluggers went into another tiebreak which the Spaniard won 7-3 after surging 5-0 clear.
Both players held serve in the third set until the sixth game when Nadal, who had controlled a protracted rally, over-hit a forehand to be broken and trail 2-4.
Tsonga appeared to be in control when leading 5-3 and serving for the match but he was broken by Nadal in an erratic game that ended when he pushed an explosive forehand wide.
The 17th-seeded Frenchman was again broken in the 11th, double-faulting before hitting another forehand long for the Spaniard to go 6-5 up.
Urged on by the crowd, Nadal served out to seal victory, clinching the final point with an overhead smash.
The aggressive Tsonga, nicknamed Ali for his resemblance to the former world heavyweight boxing champion, ended the match with an overall tally of 47 winners and 56 unforced errors.
Earlier, unseeded Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka beat South Korea's Lee Hyung-taik 6-1 5-7 6-4 to set up a quarter-final clash with Serb Novak Djokovic or Argentina's Guillermo Canas.
Third-seeded Djokovic was scheduled to play Canas later on Wednesday and Swiss world number one Roger Federer was due to face Croat Ivan Ljubicic in an evening match.
The United States will prepare for 2010 World Cup qualifying with a friendly international against England in London in May, organisers said on Wednesday.
The match is scheduled for May 28 at Wembley Stadium and will be the American team's first visit to England since 1994.
We have consistently said that one of our goals is to play matches against good opponents and in environments that will really challenge our team.
In addition to the quality of the English team, the tradition and passion for the sport in that country, the media focus, and the intensity of the fans all combine to make this a fantastic opportunity for our group.
The U.S. have also lined up European friendlies against Poland on March 26 and Spain on June 4.
Ligue 1 bottom club Metz will be docked a point and must play a home match behind closed doors after a racist incident there last month, the French Professional Football League said on Thursday.
Morocco defender Abdeslam Ouaddou, the Valenciennes captain, was racially abused by a Metz fan during the Ligue 1 match at Metz on Feb. 16.
Metz said they would seek legal counsel over the League's decision.
We are surprised by the harshness of the sanction, they said on their Web site.
In the coming days, we will talk with our lawyers in order to find the best way to respond to this decision.
Metz now have 17 points from 30 matches and trail 17th placed Racing Lens, who are just above safety, by 17 points. 
Real Betis protested on Thursday after the Spanish Football Federation ordered them to play Saturday's league game against Barcelona at Atletico Madrid's ground because of a two-match stadium ban.
Betis said the decision could cause problems because city rivals Sevilla play Real Madrid in the Spanish capital the following day.
One of the most serious things that can happen is that for the first time in the history of football, fans from the four teams that have the greatest rivalry could coincide in the same city, Betis lawyer Jaime Rodriguez Sacristan told Radio Betis. 
I'm not saying this because of the fans, because they now get on well, but for the danger of bringing together such large numbers of rival fans.
It is almost an act of terrorism because terrorism puts the life of others in danger.
Betis received the punishment after Athletic Bilbao keeper Armando was cut on the face when a fan threw a bottle of water at him during a recent league match at their Ruiz de Lopera stadium.
The game was abandoned with Bilbao leading 2-1, with the RFEF subsequently deciding that the result should stand and that Betis be banned from their stadium for two matches.
Concern about violence in Spanish football was also raised when television showed images of an Atletico Madrid fan being kicked and beaten by Sevilla supporters before last Saturday's league match in Seville.
The United States will rely on the same quartet that won last year's Davis Cup when they face France in next month's quarter-final, captain Patrick McEnroe said on Thursday.
Andy Roddick, James Blake, Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan will participate in their record tenth consecutive tie together, said McEnroe.
These guys have been amazing in their commitment to playing for their country and playing Davis Cup, McEnroe told a teleconference.
I give them all the credit in the world.
The best-of-five tie will be played on a fast Premiere hard court, which McEnroe said should help the Americans, and take place in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, on April 11-13.
Roddick, the 2003 U.S. Open champion, has a 27-9 record in Davis Cup singles, while James is 15-8.
The Bryan brothers, the top doubles team in the world, are 14-1.
The four beat Russia 4-1 in the 2007 championship tie.
I'm thrilled we're going to be able to play a match at home as the champions, said McEnroe.
That was something I was really hoping we'd be able to do this year.
Obviously, I'm hoping we can win it again.
But I really wanted the guys to come out in a home tie as the Davis Cup champs.
France is expected to counter with eighth-ranked Richard Gasquet and Australian Open finalist Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in singles, and Wimbledon champions Arnaud Clement and Michael Llodra in doubles.
They're all dangerous, McEnroe said of the French squad.
Each match individually could be a grand slam semi-final.
Each side could make an argument they could win each match.
I don't think there's one particular player we're worried about.
We're worried about all of them.
McEnroe said Mardy Fish, who defeated world number one Roger Federer in straight sets at Indian Wells last week, will be a reserve player and practice with the team.
The British Broadcasting Corporation said Thursday it had asked police to investigate after details of more than 400 staff being sent to cover the Olympics in Beijing went missing.
The broadcaster said it fears that the two paper files containing passport details may have been stolen from its headquarters in Shepherd's Bush, west London.
We can confirm that we are undertaking a full investigation into how two files containing accreditation information for the Beijing Olympics have gone missing from a private office in Television Centre, a spokesman said.
We believe these files may have been stolen, and following our own investigation, we have now involved the police.
The information in the files includes passport details, he said.
We are in the process of contacting everyone involved and are also reviewing our internal security as a matter of urgency.
The publicly-funded BBC is sending 437 people to cover the August 8-24 Olympics.
Top-ranked Argentina will play the United States in a football friendly June 8 at Giants Stadium near New York in what will be the final tuneup for both before World Cup 2010 qualifying matches.
US Soccer announced Thursday that Argentina will visit East Rutherford, New Jersey for the final US men's friendly at the former World Cup venue, which is being replaced by a new Meadowlands stadium.
Argentina is 6-2 against the US men, who last beat their South American rivals 1-0 at Washington in 1999.
The Argentine squad ranks second in South American qualifying for the 2010 World Cup with a 3-1 record.
It will return home for a qualifier June 14 against Colombia and visit Brazil three days later to face their arch rivals.
The US team will open South Africa 2010 World Cup qualifying June 15 in Los Angeles against Barbados in the first leg of a home and home series that concludes on the Caribbean island June 21 or 22.
US tuneups for those matches include playing England at London on May 28 and Spain at Santander on June 4 before meeting Argentina.
Argentina is clearly one of the best teams in the world and playing against an opponent of that caliber is a great opportunity for our team, US coach Bob Bradley said.
We have put together a very good schedule to help us prepare for World Cup qualifying.
We expect a good crowd at Giants Stadium and we are looking forward to an exciting atmosphere.
The US men beat Poland 3-0 Wednesday at Krakow.
Turkey midfielder Hamit Altintop is likely to miss the rest of the season and is also doubtful for Euro 2008 after suffering a broken metatarsal.
Altintop had surgery in Germany after injuring his foot in Turkey's 2-2 draw with Belarus on Wednesday, his club Bayern Munich said in a statement.
It's a shock, Bayern coach Ottmar Hitzfeld said on Thursday.
It's doubtful whether he'll be able to play again this season.
Turkey are in Group A at Euro 2008 in Switzerland and Austria.
World champion Casey Stoner returns to Spain on Sunday looking to conquer a track which has nothing but painful memories for him.
The Andalucian circuit was one of only four races where the Australian Ducati rider failed to record a podium finish in his world title winning campaign in 2007.
To add insult to injury, he then suffered an embarrassing fall in testing in November which left him with a damaged shoulder.
However, he shrugged off that setback to win the opening race of the 2008 season under floodlights in Qatar three weeks ago.
You could say that Jerez last year wasn't one of our best races, but winter testing went well here and with the general improvements we've made since last year I think we can be competitive this weekend, said Stoner.
The Australian was fifth here last year in a race where five-time MotoGP world champion Valentino Rossi celebrated his 85th career win but his first in six races.
There are a lot of riders who have started the season strongly, added Stoner.
Especially the rookies, amongst them riders who will want more of the same and riders racing at home, so they will be very motivated.
One of the rookies who will be the centre of interest for the expected 120,000 crowd will be 20-year-old local Jorge Lorenzo, who moved into the top flight MotoGP series after winning the last two 250cc titles.
He was second in Qatar and celebrated his finish by eating a lollipop on the podium.
It was a stunning performance from the young Spaniard who even outpaced Yamaha teammate Rossi who was only fifth.
Qatar was unbelievable and something I will remember forever.
I never expected to be going into only my second MotoGP race in such a great position, said Lorenzo.
However, I know it will be hard work for me again in Jerez.
In November at the test I had some difficulties but in February I did one of my best laps of the whole winter.
Jerez for me last year was a fantastic race, I took pole position and the victory and I also won in 2006 so I have some great memories of racing here.
Jerez is undoubtedly a special track for me.
Rossi enjoys his trips to Spain.
In 1996, he took the first of his six victories in all classes at Jerez.
Five of those have come in the MotoGP class, including with Yamaha in 2005 and 2007.
But the 29-year-old is without a win since Estoril last year and he must win if he is to avoid his longest winless streak since his debut MotoGP victory at Donington in 2000.
Qatar didn't turn out quite as we hoped but we took away a lot of positives from the weekend, said the Italian.
Jerez is a great track for me and I have had some wonderful races there in the past, including a brilliant win last year.
A controversial penalty three minutes into added time gave Paris St Germain a 2-1 win over fellow Ligue 1 strugglers Racing Lens in the French League Cup final at the Stade de France on Saturday.
Substitute midfielder Bernard Mendy scored the winner from the spot after referee Laurent Duhamel ruled that Lens defender Hilton had fouled forward Peguy Luyindula.
The offence looked far from obvious and the penalty decision was met by deafening boos from the Lens fans, whose team had fought back from a goal down and were hoping for extra time.
I feel we've been robbed and Mr Duhamel robbed us, Lens coach Jean-Pierre Papin told French television channel France 3.
To lose a final that way is a scandal, the former France striker added.
PSG, who dominated the first half of a lively game but struggled in the second, were not complaining after lifting the trophy for the third time following their success in 1995 and 1998 and winning a ticket to next season's UEFA Cup.
It was a great final with a half from each side and little bit of luck from us at the end, PSG defender Sylvain Armand told France 3.
Former Portugal striker Pauleta, the PSG captain, opened the scoring by flicking the ball over goalkeeper Ronan Le Crom from inside the area after 19 minutes.
Lens stepped up a gear after the break to equalise with a low angled shot from the edge of the area by midfielder Eric Carriere that bounced off the post into the net in the 52nd.
PSG had created the first chance in the match after five minutes when forward Amara Diane raced down the right and crossed for Pauleta, whose close range effort was deflected over the bar by Lens defender Adama Coulibaly.
Lens reacted after dropping behind with a fine solo run by forward Toifilou Maoulida and powerful drive from just inside the box that brought a superb save from Mickael Landreau just before the half-hour mark.
The northerners then came close to scoring two minutes into the second half when a header from midfielder Kader Mangane was deflected by PSG defender Ceara and went just wide.
Lens kept the pressure up after equalising and threatened to take the lead with a shot from 20 metres by midfielder Olivier Monterrubio that hit the post after 69 minutes and Maoulida's diving header that flew just wide two minutes later.
PSG, third from bottom in Ligue 1, and Lens, a place above them, must now focus of the battle against relegation after an entertaining final ended in bitter defeat the northerners.
Citroen's Sebastien Loeb was poised to take the championship lead and celebrate a fourth Rally Argentina win in a row after an untroubled second leg on Saturday.
The four times world champion ended the day's 17th stage in Cordoba province's Calamuchita valley with a comfortable advantage of one minute 20.1 seconds over Subaru's Norwegian Petter Solberg.
Australian Chris Atkinson, also driving a Subaru, was in third place and a further 46.9 seconds back with only Saturday's 1.78-km super-special in Cordoba soccer stadium and three stages on Sunday remaining.
Spain's Dani Sordo was fourth for Citroen with Zimbabwean Conrad Rautenbach fifth in a privately-entered Citroen.
Real Madrid beat Sevilla 3-1 at the Bernabeu to move six points clear at the top of the Primera Liga on Sunday.
Gabriel Heinze headed them in front early on and Raul restored the lead just before the break, a minute after Frederic Kanoute had levelled for the visitors.
Gonzalo Higuain sealed a relatively comfortable victory in the second half, to leave the champions on 65 points with eight games left to play.
Their closest challengers are now Villarreal on 59, after they leap-frogged Barcelona with a convincing 3-0 home win over fourth-placed Atletico Madrid on Saturday.
Barca are third with 58 points after letting slip a two-goal lead to lose 3-2 away to Real Betis, also on Saturday.
It's another small step towards the title but we have to keep on fighting, Real president Ramon Calderon told Canal Plus television.
Villarreal are now the team closest to us but I'm sure Barcelona haven't given up on the title just yet.
Racing Santander beat Espanyol 3-0 away to close on the Champions League places in fifth.
Early goals from Oscar Serrano and Pedro Munitis put Marcelino's side on course for the victory, and a cheeky strike from Ivan Bolado at the end left them level on 50 points with Atletico.
After consecutive wins over Barca and Real, King's Cup finalists Valencia returned to earth with a 3-0 defeat against Real Mallorca at the Mestalla.
Mallorca's Spain striker Daniel Guiza scored twice taking his tally for the season to 17.
Valencia's Cup final opponents and UEFA Cup quarter-finalists Getafe also lost at home as they fell 2-0 to Osasuna.
Michael Laudrup's side were reduced to ten men when Cosmin Contra was sent off after 30 minutes and never recovered as Miguel Flano and Patxi Punal secured the points for the visitors.
Real got an early breakthrough when Argentina defender Heinze headed home Wesley Sneijder's free kick after eight minutes, notching his first goal for the club.
David Prieto's last ditch tackle denied Guti a quick second for Real soon after, as Sevilla were constantly opened up by the home side's rapid counter-attacks.
The Andalucians pulled one back against the run of play in the 38th minute when Daniel Alves's freekick was headed back into the area by Seydou Keita, for Mali striker Kanoute to volley home.
But Real quickly restored their advantage when Sneijder picked out Raul with his back to goal, and the 30-year-old turned and squeezed a rising shot just inside the post.
A spectacular double save by Andres Palop from Argentine striker Higuain in the second half kept Sevilla in the game, but he was helpless to prevent the third goal in the 65th, as Higuain buried Guti's cross at the end of a slick passing move.
Sunday's Serie A game between Juventus and Parma was postponed after a Parma fan was accidentally knocked down and killed by a bus following a dispute with rival supporters.
Given the tragic fatality, the two clubs have decided that it would not be right to send the teams on the field, a joint statement said.
All other Serie A matches went ahead on Sunday with a minute's silence held for the fan, named as Matteo Bagnaresi.
Police said some Parma and Juve fans were trading insults at a service station en route to Turin where the accident happened.
There were the usual insulting phrases, highway police spokesman Alessandria Ovest said.
In order to avoid trouble, the coach of Juve fans left, but obviously the driver was not aware that there was a fan in front and he hit him with the forward part of the vehicle.
The driver is now under investigation.
In November, before the reverse set of fixtures to Sunday's, Lazio fan Gabriele Sandri was shot and killed by a police officer following scuffles with Juve fans at a service station near Arezzo.
Sandri's death, the second in a year connected to football violence in Italy, caused riots and the suspension of the league for a week.
Sunday's incident, although not a direct result of violence, has still led to calls for away travel in Italy to be banned.
Media reports said Bagnaresi was a member of an ultra group and had just been allowed to enter stadiums again after a three-year ban for a previous incident with Juventus fans.
It was right but it is hypocritical because the problem is deeper.
Away travel for fans should be totally prohibited, at least for a long period, Massimo Montebove, a spokesman for the Turin police trade union, told ANSA news service.
Tough restrictions are already in place on visiting supporters following November's trouble and teams are often prevented from not taking fans to high-risk games.
AS Roma take on Manchester United in the Champions League on Tuesday with security set to be tight following trouble in their previous encounters in Rome.
A decision on when the Juve-Parma game will be rearranged is expected to be taken on Monday with April 16 a possible date.
Juve are third in Serie A, seven points behind second-placed AS Roma.
They will now have a game in hand with eight matches remaining in their season.
Olympique Lyon stayed on course for a seventh consecutive Ligue 1 title by winning 2-1 at mid-table Valenciennes on Sunday.
Lyon's sixth successive league win put them on 67 points from 31 games, nine ahead of second-placed Girondins Bordeaux with seven matches left.
Ivory Coast forward Kader Keita was the key to Lyon's victory, opening the scoring on eight minutes before setting up France striker Sidney Govou for the winner in the 64th minute.
Defender Eric Chelle had brought Valenciennes level with a header from a corner in the 27th minute.
Bordeaux, fighting to hold on to second place for automatic qualification for the Champions League, beat third-placed Nancy 2-1 on Saturday.
Olympique Marseille kept alive their hopes of a top-three finish by winning 2-1 at Lorient in Sunday's late match.
The former European champions, who had picked just one point from their last two league outings, recaptured their winning ways and stayed fourth but closed the gap on Nancy to three points.
Lorient moved in front shortly before halftime with a penalty from Algeria midfielder Rafik Saifi but the visitors responded after the break with goals from Ivory Coast midfielder Kanga Akale and Senegal striker Mamadou Niang.
The top two from Ligue 1 make the Champions League with the third-placed team entering the showcase competition's qualifying round.
Citroen's Sebastien Loeb won Rally Argentina on Sunday to go top of the world championship standings.
The Frenchman finished two minutes 33.2 seconds ahead of Subaru's Chris Atkinson of Australia to win the race for a fourth year in a row.
Spain's Daniel Sordo was third, a further one minute 31.5 seconds behind, in a Citroen.
Loeb moved into first place on Friday when Ford's championship leader Mikko Hirvonen hit a rock and crashed out while leading.
Hirvonen resumed on Saturday in 25th place and eventually finished fifth.
Loeb was able to drive through the final two days and leapt to the top of the championship, five points clear of Hirvonen.
After clocking up the 39th win of his career, the four-times world champion said conditions in Cordoba province were the most difficult he had encountered.
I like difficult conditions but I thought today's were the hardest I've ever faced, he told the official wrc.com Web site.
The conditions were extremely bad today, but throughout the event we've had some extremely tricky weather too.
It seems to have been raining all the time and with the fog and the mud on the road it was very difficult.
In some places it was very hard to keep the car on the road at all.
Yes, we see fog, rain and mud on other rallies, but up to now we've always been able to choose an appropriate tyre for the conditions.
Subaru's Norwegian Petter Solberg began the day in second place but his hopes were dashed halfway through the opening stage when total electrical failure brought his car to a halt.
VfB Stuttgart failed to take advantage of a series of mishaps above them when they were held to a goalless draw away to Hanover 96 on Sunday.
Stuttgart, last season's champions, had the chance to move within a point of the Champions League places after the top five had all failed to win on Saturday but Armin Veh's side succumbed to the same bout of vertigo.
Mario Gomez missed their best chance, putting a free header from a few metres out far too close to goalkeeper Robert Enke when he seemed certain to score at the end of the first half.
A draw kept Stuttgart sixth on 42 points, three behind Schalke in the third and final Champions League spot.
With eight games left, Bayern Munich lead the standings with 54 points following a 1-1 derby draw at Nuremberg on Saturday.
Hamburg SV, held 1-1 by Arminia Bielefeld, are second on 47.
Schalke, who drew 0-0 at Karlsruhe on Saturday, are third on 45, one ahead of Bayer Leverkusen and Werder Bremen following their defeats by Eintracht Frankfurt and Duisburg.
In Sunday's other game Energie Cottbus moved out of the bottom three with a 2-1 win at home to Hertha Berlin, Albania's Ervin Skeller getting both goals with a free kick and a penalty.
Argentina's Andres Romero fired a final round four-under 68 to seal a one-shot victory over Australian Peter Lonard at the New Orleans Classic on Sunday, his maiden U.S. PGA Tour title.
Romero, one of 46 players forced to finish his third round on Sunday, mixed five birdies with a bogey on the TPC Louisiana layout and watched from the clubhouse to see if his 13-under total of 275 would withstand a back-nine challenge from Lonard.
A tap-in birdie at the par-four 16th moved Lonard into a share of the lead but the Australian's hopes of a first PGA Tour win in three years slipped away with a bogey at the par-three 17th.
Needing another birdie at the 18th to force a playoff, Lonard settled for par and a final-round 69 left him in second place on 12-under 276.
Romero's previous best PGA Tour finish was a tie for third at the 2007 British Open.
New Zealand's Tim Wilkinson signed for a five-under 67 to finish alone in third on 11-under 277 with British Open champion Padraig Harrington and Americans Woody Austin
Rafael Nadal survived the distraction of a rain delay to post a 6-2, 6-4 win over German Nicolas Kiefer for a place in the third round of the Miami Masters on Sunday.
I'm very happy about my victory, said the Spaniard who is searching for his first title this season.
When I come back to the court the ball was a little bigger and slower, and it was a little bit more difficult for me.
I feel I played a very complete match.
The second seed will next face 16th seed Paul-Henri Mathieu of France, who beat Spanish veteran Carlos Moya.
Number nine James Blake ousted crafty French veteran Fabrice Santoro.
I don't really relax until match point is over with, so I was definitely worried, said Blake.
He could have picked up his level at any point and played great, put the pressure on me.
Number 10 Tomas Berdych stopped Juan Carlos Ferrero 6-1, 6-3.
Women's number 33 Lindsay Davenport rolled back the years nine months after giving birth as she sent second seed Ana Ivanovic out in the third round 6-4, 6-2.
She played like a top-10 player easily today, said a stunned Ivanovic, one week removed from winning the prestigious title at Indian Wells, California.
Davenport, seemed surprised to have gone through: Sometimes you just never know what to expect when you go out for a certain match on a certain day.
Ivanovic, who followed compatriot and men's Indian Wells winner Novak Djokovic out the door early in Florida, said that Davenport 
Won Grand Slams before, and she was the number one player, so she has the game.
Today she played very well.
I'm glad to see her back, and I hope she can do well.
The gracious response masked the obvious disappointment of Ivanovic, who had hoped to back up her first major title.
She always had the first hit on her ball.
It was kind of disappointing for me, Ivanovic said.
I had chances in the beginning and didn't use them.
My intensity wasn't up there today.
When you play against such a champion, you need to be on the ball for each point.
Intensity was not a worry for number one Justine Henin, who overcame sweltering mid-day conditions to advance over Italy's Sara Errani 6-2, 6-1.
Fourth seed Jelena Jankovic got back onto court less than 24 hours after managing a marathon win the night before, wasting no time in crushing Czech Lucie Safarova 6-2, 6-1.
Svetlana Kuznetsova, the 2006 champion, had to mount a huge fightback to escape Viktoria Azarenka.
Juventus reached the Italian Cup quarter-finals after beating Serie A strugglers Empoli 5-3 in a Turin thriller on Tuesday to advance 6-5 on aggregate.
An under-strength Juve lost 2-1 at Empoli in December's first leg and Claudio Ranieri's decision to field a few of his big guns in the return match paid early dividends when Marco Marchionni burst through the defence to score.
Pavel Nedved doubled the lead on 10 minutes but an injury to defender Giorgio Chiellini knocked Juve off their stride.
Empoli capitalised when Luca Antonini slid in to pull one back and Nicola Pozzi produced an excellent header to bring the scores level on the night.
Italy forward Vincenzo Iaquinta then struck twice for Juve either side of Pozzi's second before substitute Alessandro Del Piero sealed the home side's passage with a penalty.
Holders AS Roma will go out unless they can overcome a 3-1 first-leg deficit in Wednesday's second leg at home to Torino while AC Milan are also in arrears as they travel to Catania.
Rafa Benitez finally got some good news as Steven Gerrard's hat-trick helped Liverpool cruise into the FA Cup fourth round with a 5-0 win against crisis ridden League One outfit Luton on Tuesday.
Benitez's position looks increasingly untenable after Liverpool's American owners admitted they held talks with Jurgen Klinsmann over the manager's job late last year.
But the Spaniard at least avoided an embarrassing third round replay defeat thanks to Gerrard's treble and goals from Ryan Babel and Sami Hyypia at Anfield.
Liverpool's stars ran riot in the second half and advanced to a tie against Conference South club Havant and Waterlooville or League One Swansea in the next round.
Luton had out-played and out-fought Liverpool for long periods when they drew 1-1 at Kenilworth Road.
Benitez's side, captained by Jamie Carragher on his 500th appearance, didn't take them for granted this time.
The breakthrough arrived in first half stoppage time when Fernando Torres fed Babel and the Dutch winger's low shot arrowed home.
Gerrard scored from close range in the 52nd minute before Hyypia glanced in a header five minutes later.
A 64th minute strike from Gerrard made it four and the England midfielder completed his first hat-trick for over two years in the 72nd minute.
Benitez refused to be drawn on his future, saying: I wasn't thinking much about it.
We were really thinking about this game because we knew it was important to progress in the FA Cup.
I'm really pleased because we won 5-0 and played a good game, added the implacable Spaniard.
Robbie Keane's 99th goal for Tottenham gave his side a 1-0 win at Reading.
Keane struck in the first half at the Madejski Stadium to earn Juande Ramos's men a trip to Manchester United.
Dimitar Berbatov was sidelined with flu as Ramos made five changes but Keane made sure the Bulgaria striker wasn't missed.
Spurs had the better of it from the moment Keane pounced from close range in the 15th minute.
Younes Kaboul had driven Jermaine Jenas's corner against the crossbar and Keane was perfectly placed to slot home.
Managerless Bury stunned Norwich as the League Two side beat their Championship opponents 2-1 at Gigg Lane.
Bury sacked Chris Casper and director of football Keith Alexander on Monday and the decision appeared to work wonders.
They went ahead in the 18th minute at Gigg Lane through Ben Futcher.
Andy Bishop increased Bury's lead in the 61st minute and, although veteran Dion Dublin gave Norwich hope in the 86th minute, the hosts held on to earn a trip to Southampton
Championship leaders West Bromwich held their nerve in a penalty shoot-out against Charlton to set up a fourth round clash at Peterborough.
Tony Mowbray's team blew a two-goal lead as they were held 2-2 after extra-time at the Hawthorns, but Charlton missed two of their five spot-kicks in the shoot out and Albion won 4-3.
The hosts took the lead in the 14th minute when Roman Bednar met Zoltan Gera's header with a tap-in.
Albion looked certain to go through when James Morrison added the second goal in the 51st minute.
But Darren Ambrose reduced the deficit in the 64th minute and Chris Dickson sent the tie to extra-time with a 90th minute equaliser.
Millwall, 2004 FA Cup finalists, will travel to Coventry after beating League One rivals Walsall 2-1 at the New Den.
Kenny Jackett's side went ahead in the 15th minute when Ben May drove home from the edge of the area.
Gary Alexander put Millwall in control when he scored four minutes into the second half.
Alex Nicholls pulled one back for the visitors in the 61st minute but it failed to stop Walsall suffering their first defeat in 19 matches.
Sheffield Wednesday's clash against Premiership tailenders Derby was postponed due to a waterlogged pitch at Hillsborough.
Derby's fellow Premiership strugglers Fulham's trip to Bristol Rovers and Barnet's tie against Swindon suffered the same fate.
This month's WBC flyweight title fight between champion Daisuke Naito of Japan and Thai Pongsaklek Wongjongkam has been postponed after Naito requested more time to prepare, local media reported on Wednesday.
The Japanese claim their fighter has been busy so they say they will move the fight back one month, promoter Piyarat Wachirattanawong was quoted as saying.
We are satisfied because Pongsaklek will have more time to prepare.
The eagerly awaited rematch, which had been slated for Jan. 28 in Saraburi, Thailand, would have been Pongsaklek's first chance to win back the title he defended 17 times in six years before the surprise loss to Naito last July.
Spain's two-time world champion Fernando Alonso was the fastest driver here on Tuesday on the second day of Formula one testing that marked his return to Renault after a tempestuous season at McLaren.
Alonso, who won back-to-back world championships with Renault in 2005 and 2006 and came close last year with McLaren, went around in one minute 19.503 seconds to finish with the fastest lap time at the Circuito de Jerez.
I don't have concrete goals for this competition.
Personally it's an opportunity to become acclimatized to driving a single-seat car without electronic aids, he said.
Renault has adapted last season's car for testing by removing driver aids which have been banned under new Formula One rules.
It's the first time that I have driven without traction control but by the end of my runs I started to go faster and take more risks with the car.
The first day of testing was definitely very positive, he added.
Alonso's season at McLaren was marked by an intense rivalry with his team-mate Lewis Hamilton.
Spanish champions Real Madrid's hopes of a treble this season were shattered on Wednesday as Real Mallorca gained a shock 1-0 win at the Bernabeu to secure a 3-1 win on aggregate in their last 16 Kings Cup clash and inflict the hosts first home defeat of the season.
An 83rd minute goal by Mallorca's 31-year-old Argentinian playmaker Angel Miguel Ibagaza on the counter-attack was enough to see the Balearic Island side through as like Ibagaza, in his second spell at the club, they seek to add a second Kings Cup title in five years.
Real Madrid, who had hoped to land the Kings Cup along with the Primera Liga title and the Champions League, had plenty of chances to progress to the last eight even without the services of talismanic captain Raul, who was rested for the match along with 'keeper Iker Casillas.
However, despite going close on seven occasions, two of those opportunities falling to Argentinian Javier Saviola and the final one to his half-time replacement Ruud van Nistelrooy they were unable to crack the Mallorca defence and will have to wait another season to see if they can end their drought in the competition which goes back to 1993.
On Tuesday Barcelona ended Sevilla's reign as King's Cup holders as a dull 0-0 draw was sufficient to see the Catalan giants through.
Barcelona progressed thanks to the away goal rule as the first leg had finished 1-1.
With both sides missing several key players as they had either been called away on African Nations Cup duty or were suspended and injured, the quality of the game naturally slipped a notch or two from their previous encounters.
It was the hosts who came closest to scoring in the first-half as first Thierry Henry shot over the bar in the 32nd minute and then two minutes later another former Premiership player Eidur Gudjohnsen had his shot stopped twice by the Sevilla 'keeper.
The second-half saw Barcelona easily counter any resistance, which was slight, that Sevilla could offer, though, they did give the hosts a moment of concern as highly-rated fullback Daniel Alves rattled the bar with a freekick seven minutes from time.
Defeat leaves Sevilla effectively with just the Champions League to play for this season, as they are 10 points adrift of Real Madrid in the title race.
Barcelona will face Villarreal in the last eight after the latter edged Huelva 2-1 on aggregate, 2-0 on the night, but only after extra-time.
Resurgent Paris Saint Germain booked their spot in the French League Cup semi-finals on Wednesday with a 4-0 rout of Valenciennes as Japan midfielder Daisuke Matsui ensured Le Mans' passage at the expense of Lyon.
Three days after achieving just their first win of the season at Parc des Princes, PSG confirmed their form with a victory which came despite being reduced to ten men after six minutes when Colombian defender Mario Yepes was given his marching orders for a tackle on Slovak defender Filip Sebo.
Ivorian striker Amara Diane, who scored a double in their 3-0 win over Lens on Sunday, repeated the feat with goals after 55 and 61 minutes.
Pauleta had opened for the hosts after two minutes when he converted a penalty with Jerome Rothen completing the scoreline after 67 minutes.
PSG coach Paul Le Guen said: Today I'm happy with the score but above all the qualification, our ability to battle.
Even if we had difficulties the team remained united throughout the match.
We never gave up.
But he warned: We have to remain vigilant.
We mustn't get carried away.
Meanwhile Matsui ensured hosts Le Mans a victory in what was sweet revenge for their demise to the same opponents in last season's last four clash.
Matsui's powerful 29th-minute strike toppled the six-time French champions in a match which had been postponed from Tuesday because of strong winds at the Leon-Bollee Stadium.
Alain Perrin's Lyon were sorely missing midfielder Hatem Ben Arfa, who picked up a thigh injury in training and was replaced by the inexperienced Loic Remy.
Perrin bemoaned their exiting even if it is the lowest of his priorities in terms of silverware this season.
It is a reverse, that is certain, said the former Troyes, Portsmouth and Marseille handler.
We paid for our first-half performance where we just did not play the match as if it were a Cup match.
For his Le Mans counterpart Rudi Garcia, it was a case of vastly different emotions.
This is a huge achievement by my players.
We will savour this victory.
Victory has gone to the side that wanted it the most.
Without their African players Romaric and Ibrahima Camara, who returned to their national teams for the African Nations Cup, 27-year-old Matsui proved to be the stalwart of the Le Mans side.
Lyon lacked fire in their forward line with star striker Karim Benzema thwarted at every turn by the hosts as he lacked the support of his strike partners Milan Baros while Brazilian international Fred appeared for 10 minutes in what is likely to be his last appearance for the French side before a move to an English Premiership side.
Apart from solo attacks from Benzema, Lyon's best chance was a Juninho freekick three minutes before the break which was cleared by Jean Clave.
Le Mans' victory gives them a lift after they struggled to get past amateur side Selongey in the last round and a 2-0 loss at home to Sochaux at the weekend.
Top seed Roger Federer claimed his 16th consecutive match win at the Australian Open with a carefree straight sets win over French veteran Fabrice Santoro on Thursday.
The Swiss supremo countered the wiles of the 35-year-old Santoro, playing in a record 62nd Grand Slam, to cruise into the third round 6-1, 6-2, 6-0 in one hour and 22 minutes.
Federer, bidding for his 13th Grand Slam title, will take on Serbian Davis Cup team member Janko Tipsarevic in the next round.
I always enjoy playing a match against Fabrice, Federer said.
In the first match I played against him he totally dismantled me, he can really show where he could hurt you.
The victory stretched Federer's record over the 36th-ranked Santoro to 9-2 with four of his last five wins coming in Grand Slam tournaments.
Santoro, a rarity in modern men's tennis with his sliced forehand and clever use of angles, could only marvel and shake his head at times at the phenomenal shot-making of Federer.
Federer has been unrivalled as world number one since February 2004 and has won three of last year's four Grand Slams for the third time in four years.
But Federer comes into the Australian Open for the first time since 2004 Wimbledon with his top ranking under threat.
He could lose the position he has held with a record 207 consecutive weeks if he fails to reach the semi-finals and world number two Rafael Nadal goes on to win the Australian title.
Santoro's serve came under early pressure and the Frenchman was broken twice in the fourth and sixth games as Federer dominated with his groundstrokes.
He wrapped up the opening set in just 23 minutes, winning 27 points to Santoro's 12.
Again Santoro's service was broken in the opening game of the second set on Federer's fourth break point with it becoming apparent that Santoro didn't have the weapons to threaten the world number one.
But he delighted the crowd with his retrieving ability, scurrying around the back court and keeping the ball in play, some through his legs, for Federer to usually come up with the winner.
Santoro had a glimmer of opportunity with two break points in the second game, but the top seed denied him with consecutive aces to hold serve.
Federer broke Santoro's serve for a fourth time to lead 4-1 and had set point but the Frenchman fought it off in the seventh game.
The Swiss simply reeled off a love game and sealed the set with an ace.
Santoro was largely spent into the third set and dropped his opening two service games as Federer surged to victory without losing a game.
Russian second seed Svetlana Kuznetsova admitted she had an off day as she struggled to a hard-fought win over Bulgarian Tsvetana Pironkova to reach the Australian Open third round Thursday.
Kuznetsova started sluggishly but clawed her way back to a victory over Pironkova, ranked 94 in the world.
It was really hard, Tsvetana played really well and I just tried to stay in and play my best and in the end I came out a winner, she said.
The 22-year-old said her game simply failed to gel but she intended to improve as the season-opening Grand Slam progressed.
A Grand Slam is seven different games, some days it's very hard and you don't feel good, today was one of those days, she said.
Definitely I'd like to play better next time.
Kuznetsova gifted Pironkova an early service break and took 16 minutes to get on the board at 3-1, looking out-of-sorts as her second service misfired and unforced errors riddled her game.
Pironkova, meanwhile, was so eager to exploit the former US Open champion's weakness that she dropped her racquet at one point stretching for a forehand return.
The Bulgarian had her opponent on the ropes at set point on 5-3 but could not land a knockout blow, instead rousing Kuznetsova from her stupor.
The Monte Carlo-based Kuznetsova rallied to take the next four games before Pironkova broke her again to take the set to a tie-break, which the Russian took 7-0 as she asserted her authority.
The pair exchanged breaks early in the second set but Pironkova's challenge had run out of steam and Kuznetsova claimed victory after 91 minutes.
She will meet either Poland's Agnieszka Radwanska or Frenchwoman Pauline Parmentier in the third round.
Brazilian football legend Pele sought to temper expectations surrounding the nation's young phenom Alexander Pato, who made his Milan debut over the weekend and scored a goal in the 5-2 Serie A victory over Empoli.
I think they have put too great a responsibility on Pato, mainly because he scored a goal, Pele said Wednesday in an interview with the radio station Jovem Pan.
He is an above average player, but one should still be a little patient, because he is a footballer who is just starting out and he will soon face a man-to-man defence which will make his job harder, the football legend said.
Pato, rose through Internacional Porto Alegre's junior ranks and plays for Brazil's Under-20 national team.
He has only played 30 games as a professional to date.
Milan signed him for 20 million dollars in 2007 when the Italian transfer window re-opened after Pato turned 18 in September, but he has only just been allowed to make his official debut.
Young gun Novak Djokovic outclassed Italian Simone Bolelli to surge into the third round of the Australian Open with another straight sets demolition job on Thursday.
The Serbian third seed was on a higher plane to Bolelli and won as he pleased 6-1, 6-2, 6-2 in an hour 32 minutes on Vodafone Arena.
Djokovic, seeded to face Roger Federer in the semi-finals, will next play American Sam Querrey or Russian 32nd seed Dmitry Tursunov.
It's good to have a straight sets win, it's what you want at a Grand Slam, Djokovic said.
I played well but I struggled a little bit in the third set with my serve.
It was another impressive effort from the 20-year-old Serb, who crushed German Benjamin Becker in straight sets in the opening round.
He again controlled his match against the 70th-ranked Italian, cruising along with nine service breaks.
Djokovic comes to the year's first Grand Slam saddled with expectations that he might be the young gun to end the Federer domination of men's tennis.
He pushed Federer all the way in the final of last year's US Open and has ambitions of usurping the 12-time Grand Slam champion as world number one.
Last August he became the first player to beat the world number one and two, Federer and Rafael Nadal, in the same tournament at the ATP Masters series in Montreal since German great Boris Becker in 1994.
Djokovic is coming off a stellar 2007 when he finished as the youngest year-end top-10 player following five ATP titles and leading Serbia to Davis Cup victory over Australia.
Bolelli was ripped apart in the first set, losing his two opening service games to drop the set in 25 minutes.
He had no answer to the precision of the young Serb's groundstrokes and again lost service at the start of the second set.
The Italian, facing Djokovic for the first time, again lost serve in the fifth game in all one-way traffic for the third seed.
Bolelli started the final set no better, dropping service to love.
Djokovic developed some problems with his service and was taken to break point in the fourth game, but Bolelli was again broken in the seventh game, double-faulting on break point to leave the Serb to serve it out for victory.
Barcelona have agreed a deal to sign goalkeeper Jose Manuel Pinto on loan from second division Celta Vigo until the end of the season, the Primera Liga side said on Thursday.
Barca said the deal, which will cost the club 500,000 euros and which includes an option to buy the player, would be completed on Friday after the keeper undergoes a medical.
The 32-year-old has been signed to provide cover for first choice Victor Valdes after reserve keeper Albert Jorquera sustained a serious knee injury while playing for a Catalan selection team during the Christmas break.
Pinto, who joined Celta in 1999 from Real Betis, has made 126 appearances in the top flight and has experience of playing in the Champions League and UEFA Cup.
Seven times Tour de France cycling champion Lance Armstrong has entered the Boston Marathon on April 21, organisers said on Thursday.
Armstrong qualified for the 112th Boston Marathon with a time of two hours 46 minutes 43 seconds in last year's New York City Marathon.
The race will be the American's third marathon.
Following his retirement from professional cycling, Armstrong competed in the 2006 New York race and crossed the finish line in.
In Boston, cancer-survivor Armstrong will be raising money for the Lance Armstrong Foundation, which raises money for cancer prevention and care.
Chelsea were fined 40,000 pounds by the Football Association on Thursday after admitting a charge of failing to ensure their players conducted themselves correctly during a stormy 2-0 win over Derby in November.
Chelsea were charged after a posse of their players, led by captain John Terry, angrily confronted referee Andre Marriner following the red card he gave to Ghanaian midfielder Michael Essien for elbowing Kenny Miller in injury-time.
The incident caused a number of observers to question whether Terry's conduct was appropriate for a captain of England's national side and helped to fuel speculation about whether he will continue in the role under new head coach Fabio Capello.
Portuguese driver Alvaro Parente had a first taste of Formula One when he tested with former champions Renault at the Jerez circuit in southern Spain on Thursday.
Renault said in a statement that the 23-year-old, testing as the winner of the 2007 World Series by Renault junior championship, completed 64 laps at the wheel of last year's R27 car.
It was a fantastic day, with positive results in every sense, he said.
I hope I can use the experience to my advantage for the next stage of my career.
Top seed Justine Henin advanced to the fourth round of the Australian Open Friday after receiving her toughest workout so far at this year's event in a 7-5, 6-4 win over Italy's Francesca Schiavone.
The world number one was pushed all the way in the first set and had to pull off some stunning shots to keep 25th seed Schiavone at bay before taking control in the second.
It was really exciting, I was glad to win in two sets, Henin said.
She's always given me a lot of trouble in the past and it was a tough third round for me so I'm glad to go through.
Henin scored two early service breaks but Schiavone broke back each time, attacking the net in a bid to upset her opponent's rhythm and matching the Belgian's speed around the court.
But Henin showed why she is a seven-time Grand Slam champion as she found winning shots at critical points while the dogged Italian created chances but repeatedly fell just short.
She was finally defeated in one hour 41 minutes, receiving hearty applause from the Melbourne Park crowd for her wholehearted efforts to upset Henin, who won the Australian title in 2004.
Henin faces a possible quarter-final match up with Russian fifth seed Maria Sharapova but said she was did not want to get ahead of herself and was concentrating on her next tie against either Hsieh Su-Wei or Aravane Rezai.
I hate to look too far, I have my fourth round in two days and I just want to get ready, improve my game and get confident.
Low-profile fourth seed Nikolay Davydenko is looking forward to a familiar baseline duel with Russian Davis Cup teammate Mikhail Youzhny after making the fourth round of the Australian Open on Friday.
Davydenko was too strong from the back court for Frenchman Marc Gicquel, winning 6-3, 6-2, 6-3 in two hours 20 minutes.
It was his third win over French opponents at the season-opening Grand Slam after eliminating Michael Llodra and Nicolas Mahut in the opening rounds.
Davydenko, who remains at the centre of an investigation into a betting scandal following his defeat by Argentine Martin Vassallo Arguello last August, was facing the possibility of being on the end of the rocket serves of Ivo Karlovic.
Davydenko broke Gicquel's service a total of seven times, including three in the final set, and dominated the points, 103 to 81.
He was helped by the 73rd-ranked Gicquel's flow of 52 unforced errors, while the consistent Russian conceded 28.
Davydenko reached the semi-finals of the Doha tournament on his way to Australia, losing to eventual British winner Andy Murray.
Arsenal teenager Theo Walcott has been dropped from the squad for Saturday's Premier League game at Fulham and manager Arsene Wenger believes the time has come to switch him to a central striking role.
I think he is waiting to play in the centre and that is where he will be happiest because he is a direct player, he has good timing for his runs and I believe he will do well, Wenger told reporters ahead of the game at Craven Cottage.
The Arsenal manager, who famously switched Thierry Henry from the wing to a central role, explained that Walcott had been omitted from the squad for Saturday's game so he could prepare for Tuesday's League Cup semi-final at rivals Tottenham Hotspur.
He will get a chance up front but he is not in the squad for Fulham because we play again on Tuesday and some have to practise to play on Tuesday, added Wenger.
Arsenal's young League Cup team drew 1-1 in the first leg at the Emirates Stadium but are still hoping to repeat last year's triumph over Spurs at the same stage of the competition.
Walcott became the most expensive 16-year-old in the history of British football after a 12 million pounds move to Arsenal from Southampton in 2006.
The forward was then surprisingly included in Sven-Goran Eriksson's England World Cup squad and big things were anticipated of him but he has failed to live up to those expectations.
Walcott has been forced to wait patiently for his chance at Arsenal.
He did get a rare Premier League start last week but put in a disappointing performance against Birmingham City when he was picked to play on the wing.
Wenger feels the teenager is not where he expected him to be after two years at the north London club.
He will get where I expect him to be, said Wenger.
At the moment he is not.
But I'm not worried personally.
He plays on confidence and he has qualities that will come out.
I tried to force him to play wide but I'm convinced he will be a central player.
He played well in that role against Prague and he may play in very similar games in the centre, added Wenger, referring to Walcott's two-goal performance as a central striker in a 7-0 Champions League group stage win in October.
He is not happy when he doesn't play and you don't expect him to be happy when he doesn't play but I believe he is on the way to getting into the team.
The expectation level is very high because he is very young and he has been projected early into the spotlight.
I still believe he is strong enough and good enough to make it.
Valencia signed Netherlands midfielder Hedwiges Maduro from Ajax Amsterdam on Friday on a four and a half year contract.
I am delighted to have signed for a big club like Valencia, the 22-year-old told the Primera Liga team's Web site.
It has helped that Koeman is here but above all it's about the greatness of the club.
Maduro, who can also play in the centre of defence, came through the youth ranks when Koeman was in charge at Ajax.
He is seventh-placed Valencia's second signing of the January transfer window, following Argentine midfielder Ever Banega.
Spanish media reported Maduro would cost the club a fee of around two million euros.
Maduro is viewed as a replacement for dropped Spain midfielder David Albelda and Manuel Fernandes, who has joined English Premier League side Everton on loan.
Dutchman Koeman dropped stalwarts Albelda, Santiago Canizares and Miguel Angel Angulo last month after a poor run of results.
French champions Lyon will be without central defender Cleber Anderson for the rest of the season after the Brazilian suffered a serious right knee injury.
Lyon coach Alain Perrin said that Anderson was hurt in his team's midweek League Cup quarter-final defeat against Le Mans when he came off worst in a challenge with striker Tulio De Melo.
Anderson, who will undergo surgery, was recruited in August from Benfica to take over from compatriot Cris who was sidelined with ruptured ligaments.
He is expected to return to action at the end of February.
A French footballer suffered a heart attack while playing in a second division match between Sedan and Niort on Friday.
Niort defender Marco Randrianantoanina, who has played at English Premier League side Birmingham, collapsed to the ground in the 23rd minute of the match.
After being transferred to hospital in Riems, the club said the condition of Randrianantoanina had improved.
He is out of danger at the moment, said a statement on the Niort official website.
Paramedics had treated the player on the pitch at the Louis Dugauguez stadium with a defribillator after he had lost consciousness.
Randrianantoanina has also played for fellow French sides Gueugnon and Brest while, this season, he has featured in 10 second division games and four League Cup matches.
Arsenal beat Newcastle United 3-0 for the second time in four days on Tuesday to edge ahead of Manchester United in the Premier League title race.
Goals from Emmanuel Adebayor, Mathieu Flamini and Cesc Fabregas underlined Arsenal's superiority and took the Gunners three points above champions United, who can regain top spot with a win at home to Portsmouth on Wednesday.
Newcastle, beaten by the same score at the Emirates in the FA Cup fourth round on Saturday, are still looking for their first goal since Kevin Keegan returned as manager earlier this month and remain just seven points above the relegation zone.
The players were genuine tonight and kept chasing the ball even when they were 3-0 down, Keegan told the BBC.
3-0 looks bad but we didn't deserve to lose 3-0.
Michael Owen was wrongly flagged offside when it was only 1-0, Flamini scored a wonder goal and their third goal was definitely offside.
The three other matches on Tuesday all involved teams fighting to stay in the top flight.
Sunderland gave their survival hopes a huge boost, beating Birmingham City 2-0 at home to move out of the relegation zone and up into 14th place.
Wigan Athletic drop into the bottom three after losing 1-0 at Middlesbrough while Fulham stay second from bottom after a 0-0 draw at fellow strugglers Bolton Wanderers.
Newcastle, without a league goal this year, looked solid for 40 minutes against Arsenal but did not pose any attacking threat.
Adebayor then headed in a cross from the outstanding Flamini for his 16th league goal of the season and there was no way back for shot-shy Newcastle.
Flamini struck with a powerful right-foot shot after 72 minutes and Fabregas rounded off the victory after being put clear by Nicklas Bendtner.
The closest Newcastle came to scoring was a Nicky Butt free kick that struck the bar late on.
Midfielder Joey Barton came on as a substitute for Newcastle, his first appearance since being charged with assault and affray last month.
He was cleared to play after his bail conditions were changed.
Debutant Rade Prica scored for Sunderland to seal a crucial victory over Birmingham after Daryl Murphy opened the scoring.
That took Sunderland to 23 points, three above the bottom three.
Middlesbrough are five points clear of the drop zone after former Arsenal striker Jeremie Aliadiere got the winner against Wigan who drop into the relegation places on goal difference.
Holders AS Roma reached the Italian Cup semi-finals after Mancini's fine individual goal sealed a 1-0 win over Sampdoria on Tuesday and a 2-1 aggregate victory.
Roma, second in Serie A, will play Udinese or Catania in a two-legged semi-final in April and May.
Brazilian midfielder Mancini broke forward on the hour, played a trick on the edge of the area and then fired into the near corner for his second winning goal in two games.
Visitors Sampdoria, unbeaten in five heading into the match, had some of the better chances and Hugo Campagnaro's second-half shot had to be cleared off the line by Rodrigo Taddei.
Gennaro Delvecchio also fired straight at substitute goalkeeper Doni while forwards Claudio Bellucci and Emiliano Bonazzoli went close with headers.
Former Roma striker Antonio Cassano was out for Samp with a bad back and the Genoa side missed his cutting edge up front.
Catania host Udinese on Wednesday, with the visitors leading 3-2 from the first leg, while Juventus entertain Inter Milan with the scores level at 2-2.
Fiorentina welcome Lazio in the other quarter-final second leg with the Rome side holding a 2-1 advantage.
Bundesliga league leaders Bayern Munich booked their place in the German Cup's quarter-finals with a convincing 5-2 win at third division minnows Wuppertal on Tuesday night.
With four third round ties played on Tuesday night, Germany striker Miroslav Klose scored twice in the first half for Bayern, but the hosts equalised twice to make it 2-2 at half-time.
Bayern's Belgian defender Daniel van Buyten netted on 50 minutes, before Italian World Cup winner Luca Toni put the result beyond doubt with a fourth goal and Hamit Altintop completed the rout with a fifth two minutes from time.
Bayern's league rivals Werder Bremen crashed out of the German Cup when they were beaten 2-1 at Borussia Dortmund when Italian midfielder Giovanni Federico and Spanish striker Diego Klimowicz scored either side of half-time for the hosts.
Bremen's Brazilian midfielder Diego hit a late penalty for the guests, but it was too little, too late.
Second-division 1860 Munich enjoyed a stunning fight back when they scored three goals in just six minutes as they turned a 2-0 deficit into a 3-2 win at Alemannia Aachen and sealed the win two minutes from time.
Hosts Aachen were cruising into the last eight with a 2-0 lead late in the game, but Munich's Danny Schwarz led the fight back on 83 minutes before striker Mustafa Kucukovic put them level on 85 minutes and midfielder Fabian Johnson hit the winner two minutes from time.
Second division Hoffenheim claimed the scalp of Bundesliga strugglers Hansa Rostock with a comfortable 2-1 win.
In Wednesday night's four remaining third-round matches, there is an all-Bundesliga clash between VfL Wolfsburg and Schalke 04, while last year's finalists VfB Stuttgart take on Werder Bremen's reserves.
Second division strugglers Carl Zeiss Jena take on first division Arminia while Hamburg are at third division Rot-Weiss Essen.
Nigeria scraped into the African Nations Cup quarter-finals on goal difference after beating Benin 2-0 on Tuesday to set up an appetising clash with hosts and arch-rivals Ghana.
The Super Eagles pipped Mali, thumped 3-0 by Ivory Coast in the other Group B game, after both finished level on four points.
Captain Didier Drogba was on target as the Ivorians, already qualified, completed a clean sweep in the group.
Off the field, the Confederation of African Football handed a dossier on attempted match-fixing to Ghanaian police.
after Benin and Namibia last week said they were approached by an unidentified man and offered money to throw games.
CAF general secretary Mustapha Fahmy said the dossier included statements from those approached and contact details given by a man purporting to represent betting interests in Singapore.
We have asked them to do a thorough investigation and have given them all the details we were able to collect, Fahmy told Reuters.
In Sekondi, Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel scored one goal and set up another as Nigeria won at last.
Obi Mikel headed in a Peter Odemwingie cross after Benin keeper Yoann Djidonou had failed to clear a Taye Taiwo free kick in the 52nd minute, their first goal of the tournament.
He then set up striker Yakubu Aiyegbeni for the second with four minutes left.
At the end of the match, members of the Nigerian technical staff lifted sheepish-looking coach Berti Vogts into the air in celebration.
Mali needed a draw in Accra but were quickly in trouble as Drogba marked his 50th cap with a 32nd international goal.
Marc Zoro, playing his first competitive match in more than six months, rose unmarked to head home from a corner in the 54th minute and Boubacar Sanogo scored his first international goal five minutes from the end.
We are extremely disappointed, said Mali coach Jean-Francois Jodar.
My team did not play at all in the first half and with a lot of attackers in the second half we still failed to find the goal.
Ivory Coast face Guinea in their quarter-final while Nigeria travel to Accra to face the hosts, who have a 100 percent record in the tournament.
Ghana coach Claude Le Roy told a news conference that he expected to be sacked if his side did not win the trophy.
If we are not champions, I'm sure a new coach will come in my place, he said.
I understand my deal and that is to win the cup.
Tuesday's goals took the tournament's tally to 63 in 20 games but South Africa goalkeeper Moeneeb Josephs was not impressed, saying the ball was at fault.
It makes goalkeepers look like idiots, he said.
It isn't that the guys have been scoring good goals, it's the ball which has been making the guys look good.
AC Milan continued their climb up the Serie A table with a 1-0 win at struggling Reggina on Wednesday thanks to Alberto Gilardino's header.
The European champions endured a poor first half of the season but are now up to sixth following their fourth league win in five matches this month.
Gilardino, who partnered Brazilian teenager Pato upfront, was unmarked when he nodded in Andrea Pirlo's cross on 18 minutes to notch his seventh of the league campaign.
Milan could have scored more with Pirlo rattling the bar with a free kick and rare starter Emerson going close, while Reggina rarely threatened at the other end where Australian keeper Zeljko Kalac was preferred to Dida.
The match was postponed from December when Milan won the Club World Cup in Japan.
Carlo Ancelotti's men, seven points behind fourth-placed Fiorentina and 20 adrift of leaders Inter Milan, host Livorno in another game in hand on Feb. 13 after facing Fiorentina on Sunday and Siena the weekend after.
VfL Wolfsburg came back from the brink to knock Schalke 04 out of the German Cup with a 5-3 victory on penalties on Wednesday.
Schalke took the lead through Peter Lovenkrands in the 27th minute and were heading for victory and a place in the quarter-finals before a last-minute strike from Sergej Karimov forced extra-time.
After a goalless 30 minutes Wolfsburg took the upper hand against their Bundesliga rivals when newly signed Swiss keeper Diego Benaglio saved in the shoot-out from Mladen Krstajic.
VfB Stuttgart, last season's runners-up, just managed to avoid a similar fate, as a Mario Gomez hat-trick gave them a 3-2 win over Werder Bremen Amateurs.
Gomez's goals gave Stuttgart a 3-0 lead going into halftime but Werder's second team, who play in the regional third division, cut the deficit with goals from Marc Heider and Dominic Peitz to give the favourites a real scare.
Hamburg SV had a more comfortable 3-0 win over third division Rot-Weiss Essen to book their place in the last eight.
Bundesliga side Arminia Bielefeld went out after a 2-1 loss to second division Carl Zeiss Jena.
Bayern Munich, 5-2 winners over third division Wuppertal, were one of four teams to come through on Tuesday night.
The Bundesliga leaders were joined by neighbours TSV 1860 Munich and Hoffenheim, both of the second division, and Borussia Dortmund, who beat Werder Bremen 2-1 in what was a bad week for the club.
Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o scored twice to help his side beat Sudan 3-0 and reach the African Nations Cup quarter-finals on Wednesday, while his coach Otto Pfister fumed over organisation at the tournament.
Eto'o's first goal, a 27th-minute penalty, made him the highest scorer in the tournament's history with 15 goals.
A bizarre own goal put Cameroon in complete command before Eto'o struck again in injury-time to send Sudan to their third straight 3-0 defeat.
Cameroon finished second in Group C with six points, one behind defending champions Egypt who guaranteed their place despite being held 1-1 by unfancied Zambia.
Sudan's record of three defeats, no goals scored and nine conceded is the worst in Nations Cup history.
Eto'o, who overtook the 38-year-old record of Ivory Coast's Laurent Pokou, refused to comment but Pfister had plenty to say about tournament organisers.
This is a total disaster.
I don't know if this is the Nations Cup or a tournament for children, he said.
We have to put on this organising committee people who have played football.
Pfister complained that his team had been forced to travel from Kumasi to Tamale on the eve of the game and had wasted most
of Tuesday day sitting around and waiting.
We completely lost the day, said the German, whose outburst was still gathering steam when Confederation of African Football officials stopped the media conference.
Eto'o should have scored in the third minute when he had a clear chance from close-range but his first effort was saved by Mahjoub El Moez and he somehow fired the rebound over the crossbar.
Cameroon went further ahead six minutes later when Sudan midfielder Rtshard Justin Lado's attempted clearance hit Mohamed Ali Khider and rebounded into the net.
Sudan improved after halftime but Eto'o had the last say when he broke away to score his fifth goal of the tournament in injury-time.
In Kumasi, Egypt went ahead in the 15th minute when Amr Zaki scored at the end of a swift move, Sayed Moawad providing him with an easy finish for his second goal of the tournament.
Egypt missed a string of chances and were caught out when Chris Katongo blasted home from close range in the 89th minute.
At least we go home with some kind of satisfaction, displaying the talent and skill in our team.
It is a pity we are going, as we could have added more entertainment to this tournament, insisted Zambia coach Patrick Phiri.
Egypt stay in Kumasi for Monday's quarter-final against the runners-up from Group D, which features Tunisia, Angola, South Africa and Senegal.
Cameroon stay in Tamale to face the Group D winners the same day.
Cristiano Ronaldo struck both goals including a superb free kick as Manchester United beat Portsmouth 2-0 on Tuesday to cruise back to the top of the Premier League.
Chelsea maintained their title challenge with a 1-0 victory over Reading at Stamford Bridge with Michael Ballack on target while Liverpool's league season went from bad to worse with a 1-0 defeat at West Ham United.
Displaced by Arsenal 24 hours earlier, United tore into Portsmouth at Old Trafford and had the points in the bag after 13 minutes courtesy of the Portuguese who took his goal tally for the season to 27.
After 10 minutes he chested the ball to Nani and sped on to the return pass before shooting under David James.
United have 57 points, the same as Arsenal who beat Newcastle United 3-0 on Tuesday, but with a better goal difference.
Senegal and South Africa were eliminated from the African Nations Cup after a 1-1 draw in their last Group D match in Kumasi on Thursday.
Both teams needed a win to revive slim hopes of reaching the last eight but finished behind Tunisia and Angola in the standings.
Elrio van Heerden opened the scoring for South Africa inside the first quarter of an hour, finishing off a swift passing move unmarked at the back post.
Henri Camara equalised for Senegal eight minutes before halftime after a defensive slip by South Africa captain Aaron Mokoena allowed him through on goal.
Both sides created several opportunities with a running game and Senegal goalkeeper Bouna Coundoul made a series of key saves in the second half to keep South Africa at bay.
Coundoul came into the game after Senegal had suspended first choice keeper Tony Sylva and captain El Hadji Diouf because of an unauthorised night out on the town earlier in the week
Being a new team I think we go back home with some positive things, said South Africa coach Carlos Alberto Parreira.
My young players learnt a lot about high level football and the process of learning goes on, the Brazilian said.
We are satisfied with some things but for the World Cup of course we need to improve a lot more than here.
South Africa host the 2010 event.
Senegal's new coach Lamine Ndiaye said he and his predecessors had to take responsibility for the 2002 World Cup quarter-finalists' failure to reach the second round.
Senegal reached the semi-finals of the last Nations Cup in 2006, losing to hosts and tournament winners Egypt.
Real Mallorca coach Gregorio Manzano has extended his contract with the club for two more years until June 2010, the Primera Liga side said on their Web site.
Manzano led the club to triumph in the King's Cup in 2003 and after short stints in charge of Atletico Madrid and Malaga he returned for his second spell at the club two seasons ago.
Mallorca are in 13th place in the Primera Liga, four points above the relegation zone and were knocked out of the King's Cup by Getafe at the quarter-final stage on Wednesday.
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon will miss his third game in a row with a bad back when Juventus host Cagliari on Sunday, the club Web site said.
He looks very doubtful for Italy's friendly with Portugal in Zurich next Wednesday with Juve saying he is aiming to be fit for the Udinese game on Feb. 10.
Reggina have signed Nigeria striker Stephen Makinwa on loan from Lazio, the struggling Serie A club said on their Web site.
Lokomotiv Plovdiv striker Martin Kamburov, capped 10 times for Bulgaria, has joined Greek Super League side Asteras Tripolis on a 2-1/2-year contract, the Bulgarian club said.
Germany's Reinhold Fanz was on Thursday named as coach of Cuba with the unlikely task of taking the country to the 2010 World Cup finals.
It's an interesting job and I'm very happy, said the 54-year-old.
Our objective is to qualify for the 2010 World Cup finals in South Africa.
The potential is there.
Cuba are 71 in the FIFA world rankings and haven't reached the World Cup finals since 1938.
Tottenham Hotspur completed the signing of Brazil defender Gilberto from Hertha Berlin just before the close of the transfer window on Thursday.
The deal had appeared to have fallen through earlier in the day when the 31-year-old Gilberto failed a medical but Tottenham's Web site later said it had been rescued.
No transfer fee was disclosed.
The club also announced that defenders Paul Stalteri and Anthony Gardner had been allowed to join Fulham and Everton respectively on loan until the end of the season.
We are delighted to announce we have reached agreement with Hertha Berlin for the transfer of Brazilian international Gilberto, a club statement read.
The left back has spent three and a half years in Germany where he made 101 appearances in the Bundesliga for Hertha after joining from Brazilian club Sao Caetano.
He has won 27 caps for Brazil, played in the 2006 World Cup in Germany and was a member of the Brazil squads that won the 2004 and 2007 Copa America.
Gilberto is the third defender to join the Premier League club in the transfer window after Jonathan Woodgate from Middlesbrough and Alan Hutton from Rangers.
Americans Charles Warren and Kevin Sutherland got the party started at the Phoenix Open on Thursday, firing sparkling 65s to share the first-round lead in the PGA Tour's biggest bash.
After the opening round was delayed 40 minutes due to frost, Warren made a sizzling start with birdies at three of his first four holes on a cool, sunny morning.
Chasing his first PGA Tour win, Warren picked up shots at 12 and 15 before taking the outright lead with another birdie on 17.
Warren was joined atop the leaderboard by Sutherland, who carded birdies on his final two holes in fading light to complete a bogey-free round.
I knew going into the week that you've got to make a lot of birdies and you've got to give yourself a lot of chances, but there's plenty of holes out there where you can make bogey pretty easily, Warren told reporters.
Lurking one shot back on five-under 66 were Americans Brian Gay and Rich Beem, Colombian Camilo Villegas and Australian Nick O'Hern, who will return early on Friday to complete the last four holes of his round.
World number two Phil Mickelson and South Korea's K.J. Choi, the early leader of the FedEx Cup standings, overcame shaky starts to join a large group of players on three under 68.
Middlesbrough broke their transfer record to sign Brazilian striker Afonso Alves from Dutch side Heerenveen less than an hour before the end of the transfer window on Thursday.
Middlesborough did not disclose the fee on their Web site but said it was a record.
Local media reported it as being around 12 million pounds.
I'm delighted to have completed the deal, manager Gareth Southgate said.
As usual at this time of the year it was a late night but Afonso brings us something different in that he is a goalscorer who does much of his best work inside the box.
Alves, who made his international debut against England last June, scored 34 goals in 31 league games last season for Heerenveen and was voted the player of the year in the Netherlands.
This season he scored seven goals in Heerenveen's 9-0 thrashing of Heracles.
Chinese number one Li Na will face tournament debutant Alize Cornet in the opening singles rubber of the Fed Cup world group tie against a weakened France side in Beijing on Saturday.
France's Virginie Razzano, no stranger to tennis in the region after winning the Guangzhou International last September, will then face China's number two Peng Shuai in the second singles match.
Nathalie Dechy will partner Razzano against 2006 Wimbledon and Australia Open doubles champions Yan Zi and Zheng Jie on Sunday.
Two-time Fed Cup winners France are fielding a second-string team in the absence of former world number one Amelie Mauresmo and last year's Wimbledon finalist Marion Bartoli, who opted out of the tie.
While rating France as the underdogs going into the tie, team captain Georges Goven said his young team would try to exploit any pressure China might feel in front of home fans in Beijing, which will also host the Olympic Games in August.
China, in front of their own crowd, preparing for the Olympics, have a very strong image to defend, which will maybe and I hope very strongly give them a little bit of stress. 
So we can take profit from that, he told reporters. 
Real Madrid striker Raul and goalkeeper Iker Casillas have signed contract extensions that will keep them at the Primera Liga club for the rest of their playing careers.
Spain's first-choice goalkeeper Casillas, has tied himself to Real until 2017 while club captain Raul, 30, extended his deal by one year to 2011.
Both agreements will automatically roll over beyond the contracted periods if the players complete 30 official matches in the previous season.
Iker Casillas and Raul have both agreed to stay with the club for the rest of their sporting lives, Real president Ramon Calderon told a news conference on Thursday.
On this day, which is Valentine's day, Iker, Raul and Real can say they love each other, they need each other, and complement each other and will commit for life.
I am not going to speak about money but I can say they will earn less than they deserve because the example they set for the young and the enthusiasm they transmit to the fans isn't quantifiable and you cannot put a value on it.
Both players entered Real's first team from the youth ranks, Raul in 1994 and Casillas in 1999, and have become stalwarts in the side.
New Indonesian men's doubles Anggun Nugroho/Devin Lahardi failed to move on to the main round of the Germany Open that will be started on this Wednesday.
Anggun/Devin was defeated by British David Lindley/Kristian Roebuck 10-21, 9-21 in the qualification round on Tuesday night, the official website of the tournament said on Tuesday.
However, the two still have chance in the grand prix tournament for the mix doubles where Devin will pair with Lita Nurlita while Anggun will be with Endang Nursugianti.
The seventh-seeded Devin/Lita will move on to the main round, while Anggun/Endang has passed the qualification round after beating Adam Cwalina/Malgorzata Kurdelska of Poland in a rubber set 19-21, 21-10, 21-14.
Other Indonesian shuttlers passing the qualification round are men?s singles Andreas Adityawarman and Taufik Akbar Hidayat, men's doubles Tontowi Akhmad/Muhammad Rijal, and women?s singles Aprilia Yuswandari and Fransiska Ratnasari.
Andreas got the ticket for the main round by beating host player Sebastian Schoettler 21-14, 21-17, while Taufik moved on to the main round after beating Krasimir Yankov of Bulgaria 21-11, 21-19.
Bundesliga champions VfB Stuttgart were knocked out of the German Cup by second division strugglers Carl Zeiss Jena on Tuesday, losing their quarter-final on penalties after extra time ended at 2-2.
In Tuesday's other quarter-final, Borussia Dortmund eased past second division 1899 Hoffenheim 3-1.
Stuttgart looked to be heading for victory at 2-1 up in the second period of extra time but Robert Mueller took advantage of a mistake by goalkeeper Sven Ulreich in the first minute of injury time and stroked the ball into the empty net.
Antonio da Silva missed the decisive penalty, firing Stuttgart's fourth over the bar, and Torsten Ziegner then stepped up to make it 5-4 to the eastern German club and book their place in the semi-finals.
Striker Tobias Werner had given Jena a surprise lead in the 32nd minute, latching on to a long cross from the right and nodding past Ulreich.
Faced with some resolute defending, the Bundesliga champions had to wait until the 81st minute before Mario Gomez levelled.
The tall striker then netted again with a header in the fourth minute of extra time before Jena's last-gasp equaliser and the penalty drama.
In Dortmund, Giovanni Federico put the home side ahead after 20 minutes.
The Italian midfielder struck from 20 metres after good work from Tinga and the Brazilian extended Dortmund's lead three minutes later, nodding in from close range.
Hoffenheim's Francisco Copado scored from the penalty spot just before halftime to make it 2-1, before Mladen Petric made the match safe for Dortmund in the 54th minute.
In Wednesday's two quarter-finals, Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich play city rivals TSV 1860 Munich and VfL Wolfsburg take on Hamburg.
Leaders Inter Milan will be without striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic for the home clash with second-placed AS Roma on Wednesday, the club Web site said.
The Swede missed Sunday's 1-1 draw at Sampdoria with a knee problem and skips the Roma game as a precaution ahead of the Champions League last-16, second leg against Liverpool on March 11.
Strike partner Julio Cruz is also missing through injury, meaning 17-year-old forward Mario Balotelli is included in the squad, while Javier Zanetti, Dejan Stankovic and Chilean midfielder Luis Jimenez are fit after knocks.
Roma will be without suspended Brazilian Cicinho and injured defender Christian Panucci as they bid to beat Inter and close the gap at the top to six points.
Roma were the last team to beat Inter in the league when they won 3-1 away last April.
While they also overcame Roberto Mancini's side in last season's Italian Cup final and this term's Super Cup.
Inter won 4-1 at Roma in September, though.
Flu victim David Trezeguet misses the Turin derby against Torino later on Tuesday but Gianluigi Buffon, Vincenzo Iaquinta and Jonathan Zebina are fit for third-placed Juventus.
Trezeguet is also due in court on Thursday as a witness in the trial of associates of player agency Gea World, who are accused of fostering unfair competition through the use of threats or violence.
Cristiano Zanetti is suspended after being sent off in Juve's controversial 2-1 defeat at Reggina on Saturday but fellow midfielder Antonio Nocerino returns from a ban.
Kaka is out of AC Milan's trip to Catania on Wednesday with a knee problem which he hopes to shrug off in time for next Tuesday's Champions League second leg with Arsenal.
Clarence Seedorf is in the match squad after injury but Andrea Pirlo, Marek Jankulovski and Kakha Kaladze are rested with defender Alessandro Nesta still out.
Fiorentina hope striker Giampaolo Pazzini can recover from a knock for Wednesday's visit of Livorno with Adrian Mutu ruled out for four weeks with a knee problem and Christian Vieri suspended.
Lazio, who were abused by fans at training on Monday following Sunday's 1-0 loss at bottom side Cagliari, are without suspended Valon Behrami for Wednesday's home game with Reggina while their injury list continues to be long.
In-form Sampdoria travel to Atalanta on Wednesday with striker Claudio Bellucci missing with a knee injury.
Antonio Cassano has a slight niggle and has surprisingly been left out of the Samp squad despite the forward's mesmerising recent displays.
American Bethanie Mattek stunned second seed Tatiana Golovin 6-4 6-4 in the first round of the Memphis Championships on Tuesday.
The 22-year-old Mattek, ranked 148th in the world, successfully landed 71 percent of her first serves to defeat the Frenchwoman.
World number 13 Golovin produced five double faults in the match and won just 49 percent of her serves.
She had beaten Mattek in straight sets in 2003 in their only other meeting.
I was seeing the ball really well, Mattek told reporters.
My goal for this match was to see the ball early, where she was hitting it.
So I was there for every shot before she knew it.
I stuck to my game plan.
I knew she was ready to go right off the bat so my goal was to get out on top and get as many points right away as I could.
Mattek will face German wildcard Julia Goerges in the second round.
Top seed Venus Williams will play Czech Petra Kvitova later in the day.
On the men's side, fourth seed Czech Radek Stepanek slammed seven aces and never lost his serve while defeating American qualifier Jesse Levine 6-1 6-4 in less than an hour.
Russian Anna Chakvetadze held off a strong challenge from Poland's Agnieszka Radwanska to reach the second round of the Dubai Championships with a 6-2 2-6 6-4 victory on Tuesday.
The field in Dubai is so strong that world number 19 Radwanska, a quarter-finalist at the Australian Open, needed to qualify.
She's a tough opponent to play and I didn't have many wins outdoors this year, Chakvetadze told reporters.
But I was aggressive and I served pretty well and I was fighting to the end, and that's why I won.
We both played well and it was a good match to win because you get more confidence.
Seventh seed Marion Bartoli and former world number three Nadia Petrova continued their run of poor form as they both fell at the first hurdle.
Frenchwoman Bartoli, the 2007 Wimbledon runner-up, has won just three of eight matches this year and was beaten 6-1 6-7 6-1 by Francesca Schiavone of Italy.
Petrova's 6-4 6-4 humbling by Slovenia's Katarina Srebotnik signalled her fifth first-round defeat in six tournaments this year.
Former world number one Amelie Mauresmo has also struggled this year but the Frenchwoman found her groove on Tuesday to pull off a 7-6 6-2 win over Anabel Medina Garrigues of Spain.
Australian Open champion Maria Sharapova was forced to withdraw with a viral illness and blamed her condition on her recent gruelling schedule.
After having a few really long weeks I feel my body needs a rest, said the fifth seeded Russian.
McLaren's Lewis Hamilton topped the Barcelona timesheets for the second day running on Tuesday in Formula One's final pre-season test before the Australian season-opener on March 16. 
The 23-year-old Briton, overall runner-up last year in his debut season, lapped the Circuit de Catalunya in one minute 21.234 seconds with new Finnish team mate Heikki Kovalainen second quickest in 1:21.434.
Ferrari's world champion Kimi Raikkonen was third in 1:21.722, with Germany's Nico Rosberg fourth for Toyota-powered Williams.
McLaren said they had concentrated on pit stop practice and simulated qualifying in the morning with longer runs in the afternoon.
Renault's Spanish double world champion Fernando Alonso was only 13th on the timesheets with Brazilian team mate Nelson Piquet Jr 18th.
We still need to find some performance in the car and some pace, said Alonso in a team statement.
But we have the potential and we just need to discover it.
There is only one day of testing left and we need to fully attack tomorrow to make the most of it.
Paris Saint Germain gained a much needed morale boost to their traumatic season here on Tuesday when they reached the League Cup final thaks to a 3-2 victory over Auxerre.
However the match featured yet another alarming mistake by PSG's France 'keeper Mickael Landreau, who punched the ball into his own net to let Auxerre back into the match at 2-1.
Landreau's error comes hot on the heels of two costly errors in the last two league matches which has seen PSG lie only three points above the relegation places.
PSG looked to have wrapped the tie up after the first-half with headers by Colombian international defender Mario Yepes and former Portuguese marksman Pauleta putting them 2-0 up.
However, Landreau's error rattled PSG's fragile nerves, which were settled once again with a shot by their longest serving player Bernard Mendy, whose 78th minute effort went through the Auxerre 'keeper's Remy Riou's legs.
Auxerre, who themselves have relegation worries being just seven points off the drop, managed to grab a consolation effort three minutes into time added on as Julien Quercia - who had only just come on as a substitute - shot home.
PSG will play either Le Mans or Lens in the final - the second semi-final takes place on Wednesday.
Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich needed a Franck Ribery penalty in the last minute of extra time to see off second-division city rivals TSV 1860 Munich 1-0 in the quarter-finals of the German Cup on Wednesday.
The French international had to take the kick twice after his team mates encroached the first time but coolly chipped the ball in at the second attempt.
The referee awarded the spot kick after Chhunly Pagenburg brought down German international striker Miroslav Klose on the very edge of the box with a penalty shootout looming.
Replays appeared to suggest contact was made just outside the area.
I think from the number of chances we had you can't really dispute that we deserved the win, Bayern coach Ottmar Hitzfeld said in a television interview.
Bayern ended the match with 10 men after their Italian international striker Luca Toni was sent off in the 84th minute and 1860 had two players sent off in extra time.
Bayern, missing injured Germany midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger, started with Ribery and Klose on the bench and chances were scant in the first half.
Midfielder Toni Kroos intercepted the ball and went clear in the 36th minute but fired his shot over the bar with Toni in a good position to his right.
Bayern thought they had a penalty in the last minute of regular time when Benjamin Schwarz appeared to drag Lucio down but the referee ignored their furious appeals.
Earlier, Marcelinho scored in extra time to give VfL Wolfsburg a 2-1 win over Hamburg SV in Wednesday's other quarter-final.
The Brazilian looked sluggish for most of the match but found an extra burst of pace in the 109th minute to power into the Hamburg area and lift the ball over advancing goalkeeper Frank Rost.
Wolfsburg had taken the lead from the penalty spot in the 17th minute.
Hamburg captain Rafael van der Vaart then levelled spectacularly in the 70th minute, lashing a long-range shot into the top corner after Mohamed Zidan's layoff. 
Wolfsburg, ninth in the Bundesliga, have never won the German Cup but reached the final in 1995, losing to Borussia Moenchengladbach.
In Tuesday's quarter-finals, second-division strugglers Carl Zeiss Jena beat Bundesliga champions VfB Stuttgart on penalties and Borussia Dortmund eased past second-division 1899 Hoffenheim 3-1.
The draw for the March 18/19 semi-finals will take place on Sunday and the final is on April 19 in Berlin. 
Two men's doubles, Tontowi Akhmad/Muhammad Rijal and Bona Septano/Mohammad Ahsan also had to leave the tournament early after being defeated each by first seed Jung Jae Sung/Lee Yong Dae of Korea 9-21, 9-21 and by sixth seed Shuichi Sakamoto/Shintaro Ikeda of Japan 21-12, 19-21, 16-21.
Another Indonesian men's double, Rian Sukmawan/Yonatan Suryatama, booked a surprising victory by beating fourth seed Tadashi Ohtsuka/Keita Masuda of Japan 21-15, 21-16.
Rian/Yonathan will secure a ticket for the quarter final in a match against Russia's Vitaly Durkin/Alexandr Nikolaenko.
Men's doubles Rendra Wijaya/Fran Kurniawan also won the game against host suttlers Johannes Schoettler/Tim Dettmann 21-18, 23-25, 21-9, to meet Fang Chieh Min /Lee Sheng Mu of Taiwan in the next round.
Indonesia's mixed doubles Muhammad Rijal/Greysia Polii and Tontowi Akhmad/Yulianti maintained their positions after managing to move on to the quarter-final round.
Rijal/Greysia wil meet Robin Middleton/Liza Smith, while Tontowi/Yulianto will face first seed He Hanbin/Yu Yang of China.
Lens will face fellow relegation candidates Paris Saint Germain in the French League Cup final after they won an astonishing semi-final 5-4 over Le Mans on Wednesday.
It will be a rematch of the 1998 final which PSG won.
Lens, coached by former French striking great Jean-Pierre Papin, had to come from behind twice to take what looked like an unassailable 4-2 lead in the second-half only for Le Mans to strike twice in a minute to level it.
However, Lens, who like PSG are former French champions but in distinct danger of being relegated, grabbed the winner a minute from the end of extra-time through Malien midfielder Sidi Keita - a remarkable return after he had been taken ill during a match and sent to hospital only 10 days ago.
Papin, whose side are just a place above the relegation zone only on goal difference, breathed a huge sigh of relief.
That was a completely mad match, which you get occasionally in football, said the former Marseille and AC Milan marksman, who guided Strasbourg to the First Division last term and then replaced Guy Roux at Lens after only a few weeks of this campaign.
PSG had been the first to book their place at the March 29 final at the Stade de France when they gained a much needed morale boost to their traumatic season on Tuesday thanks to a 3-2 victory over Auxerre.
However the match featured yet another alarming mistake by PSG's France 'keeper Mickael Landreau, who punched the ball into his own net to let Auxerre back into the match at 2-1.
Landreau's error comes hot on the heels of two costly errors in the last two league matches which sees PSG lie only three points above the relegation places.
That gives us a new dimension and new hope, said PSG coach Paul Le Guen, who has adopted a low key approach and allowed club president Alain Cayzac to do most of the explaining and excuses which the latter admits he finds tiring.
A goal well into injury-time by Xavi gave Barcelona a 1-1 draw at home to Valencia in their Spanish Cup semi-final first leg clash here on Wednesday.
Valencia - whose season rests solely on winning the Cup after a disastrous Champions League and championship campaign - had taken the lead through Spanish international striker David Villa 20 minutes from time.
Barcelona too be fair had the majority of the chances - their opponents underfire coach Ronald Koeman electing to play only Villa up front - but found Valencia's German goalkeeper Timo Hildebrand in commanding form.
He was forced into his first save in the sixth minute from Xavi in the same move that had seen efforts by Samuel Eto'o and Lionel Messi blocked by Valencia defenders.
Barca's French duo Thierry Henry and Eric Abidal also failed to break the deadlock with their long range efforts in the first-half which Hildebrand fielded easily.
Messi, though, was the biggest offender for Barca missing twice within eight minutes in the second-half, although his worst miss was nine minutes from the end when he was one on one with Hildebrand.
Thursday's second semi-final pitches Getafe at home to Racing Santander.
The second legs are on March 19 and 20.
American boxer Evander Holyfield said in an interview published Thursday that he was in talks with Mike Tyson for a re-match of their infamous 1997 fight.
Speaking to The Guardian, Holyfield, who failed in his quest to regain a version of the world heavyweight title in October, said: There has been some talk between us.
Mike had Jeff Fenech, who's been training him, call me a few months ago.
Jeff says Mike wants to fight me again.
But he needs to know if I would agree to it.
I said, 'It all depends on what they gonna give us 
Because I'm gonna catch a lot of flak if I say I'm fighting Mike Tyson again.
I have already said I don't want to fight Mike no more'.
Jeff says, 'What if Mike gets in proper shape?' I told him that's ok but I can't be part of it if Mike's going to pull out.
Jeff said, 'The main thing Mike wants to know is if you would be willing to fight him again?' I said, 
In their 1997 fight, the second between the two boxers, Tyson, now 41, bit Holyfield, now 45, twice and ripped off a chunk of his ear, which he spat onto the canvas.
England defender Micah Richards has had an operation on his right knee, his Premier League club Manchester City said on Wednesday.
Richards, regarded as one of the most promising young players in England, had surgery to repair a damaged cartilage that had caused him problems earlier in the season.
The operation has been successful, and Micah will begin a rehabilitation programme at Carrington starting tomorrow.
The medical team will monitor his progress over the coming days and weeks, club doctor Mark Whitaker said on City's Web site.
The 19-year-old, capped 11 times for England, is expected to be out for a matter of weeks according to the club.
Cuban Olympic heavyweight boxing champion Odlanier Solis will make his first professional appearance in Italy on Friday when he takes on Hungarian Adrian Rajkai in Milan.
Solis is a rising star in heavyweight boxing having won the Olympic heavyweight title in Athens in 2004 as well as three world titles as an amateur: 2001 and 2003 as a heavyweight and 2005 as a super-heavyweight.
As a Cuban he was not allowed to turn professional but he defected from his country in December 2006, along with two other Olympic champions Yan Bartelemi Varela and Yuriorkis Gamboa Toledano, when training in Venezuela for the Pan-American Games in Rio de Janeiro in 2007.
All three eventually turned up in Miami and signed professional contracts with German-based First Artist.
Solis has won all six of his previous contests, four by knock-out, fighting in Germany and Turkey.
As an amateur he won two of his three bouts against Olympic legend and compatriot Felix Savon while he also beat WBA and WBC cruiserweight champion David Haye in the 2003 world championships final.
He beat Haye three times in four contests and also recorded a perfect two out of two victories over recently deposed WBO heavyweight champion Sultan Ibragimov in his amateur days.
Prime Minister Rudd, underscoring his support for the bid, said he would include the issue on the agenda for next month's meeting of Commonwealth and State and Territory Governments, as it would need the backing of all levels of government.
Winning the right to host the 2018 FIFA World Cup is a Herculean task, but overcoming tough odds is what Australian Football does best, the embassy release quoted Rudd as saying.
Australia has a reputation of excellence - on and off the field.
The 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, 2003 Rugby World Cup and the 2006 Commonwealth Games have shown the world that Australia is a nation that delivers the world?s best events, Rudd said.
He added that the government was keen to see Australia's bid kick off as soon as possible , given that the host country for the 2018 FIFA World Cup was likely to be announced in 2011.
FFA representatives would meet senior Australian Government officials in the next week to begin planning the bid.
The FIFA World Cup is the world's largest sporting event, The 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany attracted 3.35 million spectators, including 2 million visitors from overseas.
The event was broadcast to 214 countries and watched by a cumulative TV audience of more than 26 billion people.
Prime Minister Rudd said venues such as the MCG and Telstra Dome in Melbourne, ANZ Stadium and Sydney Football Stadium in Sydney, Suncorp Stadium in Brisbane and the recently announced new stadium for Perth could host matches.
World number one Justine Henin's 17-match winning streak at the Dubai Championships ended on Thursday when she was defeated 7-6 7-6 by unseeded Italian Francesca Schiavone in the quarter-finals.
The Belgian top seed made an unusual number of unforced errors as the feisty Italian ran her opponent all over the court and chased every ball.
She played well but I didn't take the opportunities and wasn't brave enough.
She was better than me, as simple as that, four-time Dubai champion Henin told reporters.
Henin said she felt tired after taking three hours to defeat Katarina Srebotnik on Wednesday, so the last thing she wanted was to face an opponent with the terrier-like qualities of Schiavone.
The Italian rallied superbly and executed some astonishing shots on the run.
Henin held just one break point in the first set, at 2-2, but made a forehand error.
That proved to be expensive, as she was unable to earn another opportunity and then played a dismal tiebreak, losing it 7-3.
Schiavone then broke to lead 3-2 in the second set by forcing a backhand error, and as Henin continued to struggle the Italian broke again, at love, to lead 5-2. 
Schiavone then twice failed to serve out the match, despite holding a match point at 5-4.
But Henin once more played a poor tiebreak, losing the last four points as Schiavone took it 7-4.
I had my chances to come back in the second set but I was too short.
Especially in the tiebreaks I didn't play well at all, and she came to the net and I didn't and that made a big difference.
Every short ball she was in and I didn't do the same, and that really paid off for her.
Schiavone believed she wasn't aggressive enough when leading 5-2.
Maybe she missed some balls, but personally I think I didn't give the possibility and the chance to come up and come up like she does every time.
Schiavone will next play eighth-seeded Russian Elena Dementieva, whose 5-7 6-3 6-3 win was her third victory in three meetings over third seed Ana Ivanovic of Serbia.
Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova reached the semi-finals after holding off a strong second set challenge to beat France's Amelie Mauresmo 6-1 7-6.
Her next opponent will be fourth-seeded Serb Jelena Jankovic, who celebrated her 23rd birthday with the easiest of victories when sixth seed Anna Chakvetadze retired with an
injury after losing the opening set 6-1. 
Ghana-born teen Freddy Adu of Benfica leads the host United States into an eight-team North American qualifying tournament showdown for two Beijing Olympics berths starting here Tuesday.
US teammates for the 18-year-old Portuguese-based playmaker include Jonathan Spector, a defender for West Ham United; Charlie Davies, a forward for Sweden's Hammarby and Sal Zizzo, a midfielder for Germany's Hannover 96.
We've seen many strong players over the past few months, US coach Peter Nowak said.
The players that will compete in the qualifying tournament give us the best chance of going through to the Olympic Games in Beijing.
The US squad is in Group A with Panama, Honduras and political rival Cuba and will play in Tampa while Group B features Canada, Mexico, Guatemala and Haiti and will play in Los Angeles.
Two teams from each group will qualify for the March 20 semi-finals at Nashville, Tennessee, that will determine the region's two qualifiers for the Beijing Olympics.
Those teams will meet March 23 at Nashville in the final.
Panama and Honduras meet in Tuesday's opener ahead of a US-Cuba showdown.
The defending champion Mexicans will seek their 10th Olympic berth, having never finished better than fourth.
US men have made 12 Olympic appearances, the most of any nation, but have won the regional qualifying event only once and never taken an Olympic medal.
The Canadians have not reached the Olympics since a 1984 quarter-final run at Los Angeles.
The Cubans have not advanced since the 1980 Moscow Olympics while Guatemala last played in the Olympics in 1988 at Seoul.
Haiti and Panama seek their first Olympic berths while Honduras made a lone Olympic appearance in 2000.
Belgian Gert Steegmans, racing for the Quick Step team, won a sprint finish for the first stage of the Paris-Nice cycling race here on Monday.
Prologue winner Thor Hushovd of Norway holds onto the overall leader's yellow jersey after a stage which was cut in half because of rainy and windy conditions.
Instead of starting from Amilly the race was forced to get under way from the tiny village of La Chapelotte because of the adverse weather conditions, cutting the distance from 184.5km to 93km.
Sprinting up a steep finish 27-year-old Steegmans, winner of a stage of last year's Tour de France in Ghent, crossed two seconds ahead of a small group which included most of the favourites.
When we saw the wind blowing so strongly on the route the team decided to take the initiative, Steegmans said.
First of all to launch an escape and then to try to win in a sprint.
But that proved not so easy.
Philippe Gilbert, who was stronger than me, moved out front a bit too early and once I made my effort there was no one on my wheel.
Hushovd of Credit Agricole said the wind made the going tough.
When we found the wind alongside in the final 40 kilometres I stayed vigilant.
Everything went well except for the final sprint, said the Norwegian.
Steegmans set off so strongly he was impossible to follow.
France's Jerome Pineau nipped in ahead of Hushovd and Belgian Philippe Gilbert to finish second.
Australian Cadel Evans, second in the 2007 Tour de France, finished in another group two minutes behind.
Former Portuguese international Fernando Chalana will replace Jose Antonio Camacho as Benfica coach until the end of the season, club president Luis Filipe Vieira announced Monday.
Camacho resigned Sunday claiming the motivation has disappeared from handling one of Portugal's biggest clubs.
The Spaniard handed in his resignation following the 2-2 home draw with Uniao Leiria which left his team 14 points behind leaders Porto.
In principle he will hold this function until the end of the season, Vieira told a press conference.
Experience tells us that replacing coaches during the season isn't necessarily easy.
Chalana, played for Benfica between 1975 and 1990 and has been a member of their technical staff since 2002.
Camacho, a former coach of Real Madrid, took charge at Benfica after the second match of the season and signed a two-year deal with the club he had already coached from August 2003 to May 2004.
The Houston Rockets matched the NBA's third-longest victory streak when they won their 19th consecutive game by crushing the New Jersey Nets 91-73 on Monday.
Tracy McGrady sparked the milestone victory with 19 points.
Only the Los Angeles Lakers and Milwaukee Bucks have longer winning streaks.
The Lakers won 33 consecutive games during the 1971-72 season and the Bucks put together 20 successive wins in 1971.
The 2000 Lakers also had 19 wins in a row.
Houston will go for its 20th consecutive victory when it plays at Atlanta on Wednesday.
The Boston Celtics gained their 50th win of the season, defeating the Philadelphia 76ers 100-86 behind Kevin Garnett's 26 points and 12 rebounds.
LeBron James's 24 points, 11 assists and 10 rebounds sparked the Cleveland Cavaliers to an 88-80 home win over the Portland Trail Blazers.
Hedo Turkoglu had 23 points, 13 assists and 10 rebounds in the Orlando Magic's 123-112 home victory over the Atlanta Hawks.
The Dallas Mavericks used 18 points each from Dirk Nowitzki and Jason Terry to rout the New York Knicks 108-79.
Cuttino Mobley's two free throws with two seconds left lifted the Los Angeles Clippers to a 99-98 road win over the Miami Heat, who earlier in the day lost standout Dwyane Wade for the remainder of the season with a knee injury.
Belgian Gert Steegmans continued his winning form on Tuesday claiming the second stage of the Paris-Nice cycling race ahead of race leader Thor Hushovd of Norway.
It is the second consecutive stage win for Quick Step rider Steegmans who won a sprint finish ahead of Credit Agricole's Hushovd, France's Sylvain Chavanel and Swiss Michael Albasini.
The aim was to win one stage.
When my legs were good I always made mistakes.
Steegmans added: We decided to control the race with Hushovd's team.
We accelerated before the final climb because otherwise it would have been difficult to join the breakaway.
The first peloton, controlled by Belgian Philippe Gilbert, crossed the line several metres behind, after the 201km run under the rain from Nevers to the Beaujolais region.
France's Thierry Hupond from the Dutch Skil team, emerged as potential hope as the 23-year-old lead a long breakaway from the 30km mark, building up a lead of 15 minutes by 105km before being joined just before the summit of the final climb 19 km from the line.
Luxembourg's Frank Schleck, one of the race favourties, lost three minutes after being caught up in pileup, one of two crashes to disrupt the peloton, some 60km from Belleville.
Hushovd has a three-second advantage on Steegmans in the overall standings going into the third stage, over 165 km from Fleurie to Saint-Etienne.
I'm happy to hold the yellow jersey but I'm disappointed to have missed the chance.
I'd a real chance to win the stage, said Hushovd.
Lille moved closer to safety with a 2-1 win at fellow-strugglers Racing Lens in Ligue 1 on Tuesday.
Lille, who jump four spots to 11th in the 20-strong table, scored a goal in each half through defenders Michel Bastos and Franck Beria to pick up the points from a game postponed from last December because of a frozen pitch.
Lens, who reduced the arrears with a late goal from Brazilian defender Hilton, stay fifth from bottom, two points from the relegation zone.
Bundesliga champions VfB Stuttgart won 1-0 at bottom club Energie Cottbus on Tuesday night to revive their hopes of playing in Europe next season.
Fernando Meira headed the lone goal off a corner kick in the 30th minute after team-mate Roberto Hilbert was denied by the left post earlier in the game.
Stuttgart rank sixth in the league with 37 points after a fourth straight win, just one point behind fifth place which grants a UEFA Cup berth and is currently occupied by Schalke 04.
Bayern Munich lead the way with 50 points.
Tuesday's game was originally set for March 1, but cancelled due to stormy weather.
World number six Andy Roddick has decided to miss this year's Olympic Games in Beijing to defend his Washington Open title.
Both events take place from Aug. 11-17 and Roddick wants to remain in his home country to help his build-up for the U.S. Open which begins two weeks later.
My goal every summer is to win the U.S. Open, the 25-year-old American said in a statement released on Tuesday by Washington Open organisers.
I have won the Legg Mason Tennis Classic three times and feel defending my title in Washington best prepares me for another grand slam title.
Roddick, who won his only grand slam title at the 2003 U.S. Open, triumphed in Washington in 2001, 2005 and last year.
He clinched the 2007 crown by beating fellow American John Isner 6-4 7-6 in the final.
Argentina have left out midfielder Juan Roman Riquelme and forward Carlos Tevez from their squad for this month's friendly away to African champions Egypt.
Coach Alfio Basile called up uncapped Girondins Bordeaux striker Fernando Cavenaghi for the match in Cairo on March 26 while Porto's Lisandro Lopez was also given the chance for a rare outing.
Basile said he would be interested to see how the team, which usually revolves around Riquelme, would perform without the mercurial playmaker.
When Riquelme doesn't play in my team, the whole system changes, Basile told a news conference.
He's a player who controls the whole team and it's difficult to find someone else who can do the same thing.
But it's good to test other ways of playing.
Tevez was sent off in the 2-1 World Cup qualifying defeat to Colombia in November and will miss their next competitive game, another qualifier against Ecuador in June.
Basile warned that Egypt, who will be playing their first match since winning the African Nations Cup for the second time running last month, would be tough opponents.
It's very difficult to win two successive tournaments in Africa with all those great players.
They're a very strong team and they beat all the star players.
Argentina will also be without forward Lionel Messi, who is expected to be out for six weeks with a thigh injury he suffered during last week's Champions League match for Barcelona against Celtic.
PSV Eindhoven relinquished Juande Ramos's hold on the UEFA Cup after the Dutch league leaders knocked out his Tottenham Hotspur side in a penalty shootout to reach the quarter-finals on Wednesday.
The Spanish coach had guided Sevilla to back-to-back triumphs in 2006 and 2007 but Spurs bowed out after Pascal Chimbonda fired his spot-kick wide to hand PSV a 6-5 win in the shootout.
Spurs, with a Dimitar Berbatov goal, had won 1-0 after extra time at the Philips stadium to finish 1-1 on aggregate.
Premier League rivals Everton also lost on penalties to Fiorentina while competition favourites Bayern Munich eased through 6-2 on aggregate against Anderlecht, despite suffering a first home defeat of the season in any competition after the Belgians restored some pride with a 2-1 victory.
Bayer Leverkusen, Zenit St Petersburg and Getafe also advanced to the last eight.
Bayern Munich coach Ottmar Hitzfeld handed a number of fringe players a start against Anderlecht having routed the Belgians 5-0 in the first leg.
Defender Lucio extended Bayern's advantage with an early goal but to their credit, Anderlecht battled back to win the game with strikes from Serhat Akin and Oleksandr Yakovenko.
Former winners Bayer Leverkusen dumped out Bundesliga rivals Hamburg SV in a thrilling second-leg tie, which they lost 3-2 but went through on away goals.
Separated by just one place and one point in the Bundesliga, fourth-placed Leverkusen struck first against third-placed Hamburg with a 19th-minute goal from Sergej Barbarez.
The Bosnian forward, who spent six years with Hamburg before joining Leverkusen in 2006, redirected a free kick from Tranquillo Barnetta past Frank Rost to leave the home side up against it.
Substitute Piotr Trochowski gave them hope with a 53rd-minute equaliser but Greek striker Fanis Gekas, the first-leg matchwinner, replied immediately.
Peruvian international Paolo Guerrero equalised with 25 minutes remaining and in a late rally Dutch midfielder Rafael van der Vaart struck with nine minutes left, but Hamburg could not get another and bowed out.
We're fortunate to go through. 
We were lucky they didn't get a third goal.
I'm not very happy about our defence.
But I'm happy we're through, said Leverkusen coach Michael Skibbe.
Zenit eliminated Marseille in the last 16 for the second time in three seasons thanks to Pavel Pogrebnyak's double in a 2-0 victory at the Petrovsky stadium with the Russian champions prevailing on away goals.
Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini will not leave the Serie A side at the end of the season as he had announced, club president Massimo Moratti told the Italian press Wednesday.
Mancini made his announcement following the Italian champions' elimination from the Champions League on Tuesday night as Liverpool completed a 3-0 aggregate victory at the San Siro.
But Moratti said that Mancini had a change of heart.
I've had a talk with Mancini, who confirmed to me that he wanted to stay at Inter even next year and to see out his contract and he wants to win the Champions League next season, Moratti told La Gazzetta dello Sport website.
The former Sampdoria and Lazio player has guided Inter to the last two Scudetto titles and his team currently lead the Serie A table by six points.
When asked about the news on Tuesday, Moratti replied no comment but he broke his silence a day later.
Mancini's words surprised me.
I didn't expect it and even less so I believe the people close to him, he said.
Mancini stunned the football world by adding at the end of his post-match press conference that he had decided to leave the club and had already informed his players of his decision.
I think for me the next two and a half months will be me my last on the Inter bench, he said at the time.
After four years and even if I have another four years on my contract, at the end of the season I'll leave Inter.
I've already told the players.
Tonight's defeat had nothing to do with my decision.
His players also seemed stunned but many felt it was a knee-jerk reaction to another season of disappointment in the Champions League.
It surprised me a bit but I think we say many things in the heat of the moment, said Argentine striker Julio Cruz.
Valencia stunned Barcelona 3-2 at the Mestalla to reach the King's Cup final 4-3 on aggregate on Thursday.
Barca, who had scrambled an injury-time equaliser to draw 1-1 in the first leg, were hit by a Ruben Baraja piledriver and a breakaway goal from Juan Mata before halftime in an intense encounter they dominated throughout.
Substitute Thierry Henry pulled one back for Barca in the second half only for Mata to bag his second almost immediately and, although a late Samuel Eto'o goal set up a grandstand finish, it was to no avail.
The victory relieves some of the pressure on coach Ronald Koeman who has seen Valencia drop out of Europe and the league title race since he replaced Quique Sanchez Flores in November.
It's ridiculous to say your fortunes change because of one game.
But all teams need a little breathing space and hopefully this victory give us that, said Koeman.
It's a great night for Valencia who have suffered a lot recently.
Valencia will meet Getafe on April 16, with a place in next season's UEFA Cup up for grabs, after Michael Laudrup's side booked a second consecutive appearance in the final with a 4-2 aggregate victory over Racing Santander on Wednesday.
Third seed Jelena Jankovic reached the last four at the Pacific Life Open when American Lindsay Davenport retired from their quarter-final because of a back injury on Thursday.
The 31-year-old Davenport, twice former champion at Indian Wells, summoned her trainer when trailing Serb Jankovic 4-1 before deciding to withdraw after losing the first set 6-2.
I've gone down this road before and you never know, maybe it'll loosen up, Davenport told reporters.
My back was injured before I came here but it got better and got better.
Then I woke up this morning and I just couldn't move.
It was pretty obvious to me after two games that it was pretty sore out there and pretty hard to rotate.
Jankovic will face compatriot Ana Ivanovic in the semi-finals after the top seed brushed aside Russia's Vera Zvonareva 6-1 6-4 earlier in the day.
The 20-year-old Ivanovic, bidding for her first WTA title of the year, outplayed her opponent in a baseline battle to seal victory in just over an hour at Indian Wells Tennis Garden.
I started really well, Ivanovic told reporters after reaching her third semi-final of the season.
I thought I played some of my best tennis here so I was really happy about that.
In the second set, I had a break up and then lost a little bit of concentration.
I started to get a bit emotional and tried to go for too much.
I was just happy that at the end of the second set, I managed to keep calm and play good, added the Serb, who hit 18 winners in the match to Zvonareva's 10.
World number two Ivanovic, who lost to Russian Maria Sharapova in the Australian Open final in January, broke Zvonareva in the second and fourth games to breeze through the opening set in 24 minutes.
Service breaks were exchanged early in the second set before the pony-tailed Serb again broke in the ninth game when Zvonareva hit a forehand wide.
Eintracht Frankfurt came from behind to snatch a controversial 2-1 home win over lowly Energie Cottbus in the Bundesliga on Thursday.
Cottbus, who beat leaders Bayern Munich last weekend, took a 48th minute lead when Eintracht keeper Oka Nikolov allowed a seemingly harmless 25-metre shot from Timo Rost to slip through his hands.
Brazilian Caio levelled from 18 metres out after a neat one-two with Czech striker Martin Fenin, but there was controversy in the 65th minute over whether the ball had crossed
the line when defender Marco Russ struck the winner.
Cottbus keeper Gerhard Tremmel dived to his right to parry Russ's shot and the ball hit the post before bouncing back down the goal line before being smothered by Tremmel.
Referee Michael Kemptner showed no hesitation in awarding the goal but television replays appeared to show that only part of the ball had crossed the line.
Frankfurt moved up to sixth place with the win, while 15th-placed Cottbus are just above the drop zone.
Rapid Bucharest coach Mircea Rednic resigned on Thursday after their derby against Steaua was abandoned when the home side's fans threw objects, mainly stones and cigarette lighters, onto the pitch.
Referee Alexandru Deaconu ended the match in the 73rd minute, a minute after a stone struck him on the head, with Rapid leading 1-0 after a goal scored by defender Cristian Sapunaru six minutes earlier.
Rednic said he resigned over the general lack of fair play in Romanian football, endless refereeing scandals and Rapid fans' permanent verbal aggression against him.
I quit because I was defeated by Romanian football, Rednic told reporters.
Today I realised that you can achieve nothing good here.
The visiting Steaua players had to wait in their changing room for more than an hour before they could leave the ground.
According the Romanian Soccer Federation rules, Rapid could be penalised with a 3-0 defeat, a 10-point deduction and have their stadium suspended.
We'll apply the rules, FRF president Mircea Sandu told reporters without elaborating.
Rapid officials strongly criticised the referee's decision and club vice-president Constantin Zotta said the fans who caused the trouble were Steaua supporters in among the home crowd.
Several Steaua fans deliberately provoked the trouble, Zotta told reporters.
Steaua are second in the standings with 47 points from 23 matches and Rapid third with 45.
Leaders CFR Cluj have 56 points from 24 games after beating Farul Constanta 2-1 on Wednesday.
Olympique Lyon moved a step closer to a seventh successive Ligue 1 title with a 4-2 home win over Paris St Germain on Sunday that sent the leaders nine points clear.
The down side to a precious win was that Lyon striker Karim Benzema was substituted in the first half with an ankle injury that makes him a doubftul starter for France's friendly international against England in Paris on Wednesday.
Lyon were 2-0 up after 36 minutes courtesy of two goals by Brazilian forward Fred but strugglers PSG fought back with a goal from defender Zoumana Camara just before halftime and a penalty by midfielder Jerome Rothen on 52 minutes.
France forward Sidney Govou collected a fine pass from midfielder Mathieu Bodmer to race into the box and put Lyon back in front on 65 minutes.
Brazil midfielder Juninho, the Lyon captain, sealed his side's win with a volley from inside the box seven minutes later.
Lyon move on 64 points from 30 games, nine more than second-placed Girondins Bordeaux, who lost 3-1 at Valenciennes on Saturday and face a struggle to catch up the leaders with just eight matches left.
PSG, who have been in the top division since 1974, are third from bottom.
Werder Bremen were held to a 1-1 draw at relegation-threatened Arminia Bielefeld on Sunday in a further blow to their championship ambitions.
Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich widened their lead at the top to seven points on Saturday with their 2-1 win over third-placed Bayer Leverkusen, while second-placed Hamburg SV were held to a 1-1 draw at VfL Wolfsburg.
Werder, with just four points from their last five league matches, are fourth on 44 points.
Schalke 04, who beat Hertha Berlin 2-1 on Sunday, are fifth.
Werder had been in the top three and on course for the Champions League until their recent slump.
Brazil playmaker Diego celebrated his first match back after a three-match suspension by converting a penalty in the 70th minute for Werder, his 11th goal of the season after Bielefeld defender Oliver Kirch put the hosts in front in the 14th minute.
In Berlin, Gerard Asamoah and Jermaine Jones scored early to put Schalke 2-0 in front. 
Sofian Chahed converted a penalty in the 67th.
The defeat ended Hertha's six-match unbeaten streak.
Serb Ana Ivanovic clinched her first WTA title of the year by hammering Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova 6-4 6-3 in the Pacific Life Open final on Sunday.
The 20-year-old top seed from Belgrade broke Kuznetsova, the second seed, three times in the second set to wrap up victory in one hour 21 minutes at Indian Wells Tennis Garden.
After dominating a first set of quality shot-making with sparkling forehands, Ivanovic held the edge in an error-prone second before sealing the title by hitting a service return winner.
It was the sixth WTA success of Ivanovic's career and Kuznetsova's third loss in a final this season.
It's a great victory for me, a beaming Ivanovic told reporters, having squealed in delight after securing the first Masters Series title of the year and beating the Russian for a fifth time in six meetings.
When I managed to break her at four-all in the first set, it gave me confidence and I went strong from that point on.
I was most happy about my aggressiveness today, added the Serb, who hit 30 winners to Kuznetsova's 14.
I was staying low and taking my opportunities, knowing that when she would hit the short ball.
I would try to attack and take away time from her.
I'm really enjoying my time and I'm playing some good tennis.
The hard work is paying off so I'm just happy to see that.
Kuznetsova, the 2004 U.S. Open champion, conceded she had been totally outplayed in losing her eighth WTA final in her last nine.
It's always painful to lose, but I prefer to get to the final losing than to lose in second round, the Russian said.
I think she played incredibly well in the first set, every important ball she hit a winner on the line.
On a sun-drenched afternoon in the California desert, the opening set went with serve until the ninth game when a crunching forehand by Ivanovic forced an error off Kuznetsova's backhand for the Serb to lead 30-40.
Ivanovic, Australian Open runner-up in January, coolly clinched the break point with a whipping top-spin forehand winner to edge ahead 5-4.
The elegant Serb then served out to take the opening set in 40 minutes, clinching the final point when the Russian hit a forehand long.
Ivanovic took early control in the second set, breaking in the third game when Kuznetsova pushed a backhand wide to lead 2-1.
World number three Novak Djokovic held off a fightback by American Mardy Fish to win the Pacific Life Open final 6-2 5-7 6-3 on Sunday and secure his second prestigious ATP title of the year.
Two months after claiming his first grand slam crown at the Australian Open, the third-seeded Serb broke world number 98 Fish once in the final set before sealing victory in just over two hours.
There is something in this desert air which keeps me going year after year, Djokovic, runner-up at Indian Wells 12 months ago, said in a courtside interview.
Fish, ranked a career-high 17th four years ago, capped a remarkable week that featured three victories over top-10 players by stunning Swiss world number one Roger Federer in Saturday's semi-finals.
This has been a tremendous week for me, definitely one I will never forget, said Fish, who won the last of his two ATP titles in Houston in 2006.
Yesterday was one of the best days of my life and this is my favourite tournament.
Djokovic made a fast start in the final, winning the first six points of the match and breaking Fish in the second game when the American crowd favourite hit a forehand long.
Although Fish broke back in the fifth, forcing a backhand error by his opponent with a searing forehand service return, he failed to hold serve in the sixth.
A protracted game featuring high-quality rallies ended when Fish pushed a backhand wide and double-faulted to trail 2-4.
The 20-year-old Djokovic held for 5-2 and again broke in the eighth when the American double-faulted to take the opening set in 35 minutes.
The second set went with serve until breaks were exchanged in the sixth and seventh games, the Serb throwing his racket in frustration after double-faulting for his lead to be pegged back to 4-3.
Fish, beginning to replicate the form he produced the previous day to stun Federer, piled on the pressure in the 11th before breaking when Djokovic netted a backhand.
That put the American 6-5 up and he served out for the set, levelling the match when the Serb blasted a backhand drive into the net.
Djokovic fought back from 0-40 down on his own serve in the first game of the third to hold and broke Fish in the second with a backhand winner down the line.
The rest of the set went with serve until the Serb fired his 10th ace of the afternoon for his first match point before sealing victory at the second attempt when Fish struck a backhand long.
American Greg Kraft won his first PGA Tour title at the Puerto Rico Open on Sunday when he won by one shot from compatriots Jerry Kelly and Bo Van Pelt.
The 43-year-old finished on a 14-under-par total of 274 after a final round 70 at the Trump International course that featured three birdies and a solitary bogey at the 18th.
Van Pelt had led after each of the previous rounds but could only manage an even-par 72 on the final day despite an eagle on the fifth.
The 32-year-old bogeyed the eighth and ninth and then on the back nine he cancelled out his two birdies with a pair of bogeys.
In contrast, Kraft produced a solid and consistent round with three birdies and despite his last-hole slip he was safely home for victory.
Kelly matched Kraft's 70 to finish in a tie for second as Kevin Stadler and Briny Baird finished a further shot back to share fourth .
For Kraft, who has come back from serious illness to rebuild his career, it was a hugely satisfying win.
You never knew if it was going to come.
I mean, I worked and worked and worked.
In the late '90s, early 2000, I was close a lot, he said.
Then I got sick, and to be honest with you, I didn't know if I was ever going to play again even less win a tournament.
But here I am, I knocked it out, four solid days.
I didn't, you know, make too many mistakes.
It was a day of patience, he said.
Barcelona closed to within four points of Real Madrid at the top of the Primera Liga on Sunday after the leaders lost 3-2 at home to Valencia while the Catalans beat Valladolid 4-1 at the Nou Camp.
Real slipped to only their second home defeat of the season when former Atletico Madrid forward Angel Arizmendi struck a dramatic 89th-minute winner in a frenetic encounter which featured two goals apiece from Raul and David Villa.
Bernd Schuster's side, who have lost five of their last eight games, lead the table on 62 points, Barca follow on 58, while Villarreal, 2-1 winners at basement side Levante, are in third spot on 56.
There are lots of ways to lose a game and this was a huge disappointment, Schuster told reporters after the game.
We are suffering too many defeats and are paying a heavy price for the few errors we are making.
Atletico Madrid tightened their grip on the final Champions League berth with a 2-1 win at Sevilla on Saturday, their first win at the Sanchez Pizjuan in over 15 years.
Valencia were first to strike at the Bernabeu, Villa sweeping the ball past Iker Casillas 11 minutes from the break after he had beaten the offside trap to latch on to a clever through ball from David Silva.
But their celebrations were cut short when Raul equalised just over a minute later, heading in from six metres out after he got the better of former club colleague Ivan Helguera who had came on as a substitute moments earlier.
The Real skipper took his tally for the season to 15 when he struck again early in the second half, squeezing a shot inside the post after Guti had threaded the ball through the Valencia defence.
But Valencia, who reached the final of the King's Cup after a 4-3 win over Barcelona in midweek, caused plenty of problems for the Real defence with their fast-breaking attacks and Fabio Cannavaro gave away a penalty when he pushed Silva in the back.
Villa sent Casillas the wrong way with his spot kick to make it 2-2 with his second.
Real peppered the Valencia goal with shots in a frantic final quarter.
But German keeper Timo Hildebrand pulled off a succession of brilliant reflex saves to deny the home side and Arizmendi complete a great week for Ronald Koeman's side when he rounded Cannavaro and beat Casillas at the near post with a pin-point shot.
Barcelona claimed their first win in four outings thanks to an outstanding display from Spain under-21 forward Krkic.
The Catalans had headed into the match under heavy pressure after taking just one point from their previous three league games and losing to Valencia in the Cup.
They looked edgy after Valladolid midfielder Jonathan Sesma had cancelled out a Samuel Eto'o goal with a penalty on the half hour, but Andres Iniesta settled their nerves when he restored their lead at the start of the second half.
Krkic made it 3-1, clipping in from a tight angle just after the hour and then capped an outstanding display when he poked home from a metre out after Eto'o had swerved round the keeper and slid a pass across the face of the goal.
Relegation-threatened Real Murcia claimed their first win since Javier Clemente took charge as coach at the start of the month with an emphatic 4-0 win at home to Espanyol.
Juventus striker David Trezeguet has replaced injured Karim Benzema in France's squad to face England in a friendly international on Wednesday in Paris, the French Football Federation said on Sunday. Benzema sustained an ankle injury in his Olympique Lyon
Trezeguet has not played for France since a 1-0 defeat by Scotland in February last year in Paris.
Chelsea kept alive their hopes of winning the Premier League title at the same time as severely denting Arsenal's when late goals from Didier Drogba gave them a 2-1 come-from-behind win at Stamford Bridge on Sunday.
Drogba scored with an unstoppable drive after 73 minutes and powerfully hooked home nine minutes later to give Chelsea victory.
After Bacary Sagna had put Arsenal ahead in the 59th minute with a near-post header from a Cesc Fabregas corner.
The London derby victory lifted Chelsea into second place above Arsenal on 68 points from 31 matches.
Arsenal, now without a win in five league games after four draws and this defeat only their second in the league all season slipped to third on 67 points.
After leading the table at the start of the month, their hopes of their first title since 2004 are fading fast with only seven matches to play.
Champions Manchester United maintained their lead at the top when they beat Liverpool 3-0 at Old Trafford earlier on Sunday to move to 73 points.
The loss left Liverpool on 59 points and out of contention.
The Chelsea fans, who last saw their team lose at home in the league 78 matches ago when Arsenal won at Stamford Bridge in February 2004, were fearing the worst as the match moved into its closing stages with Arsenal leading by Sagna's first goal for the club.
Both teams had played some superb football throughout the game, but Arsenal had just shaded the midfield with Alexandr Hleb having an outstanding game and Robin van Persie a continual threat in only his second start after a long injury lay-off.
And with almost an hour played, Arsenal took the lead they just about deserved,Sagna escaped his markers to head Fabregas's corner inside Carlo Cudicini's near post.
Chelsea though, who lost the lead three times in Wednesday's remarkable 4-4 draw against Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane, this time found the strength to pull themselves back into the game and they equalised with 17 minutes to go.
Arsenal failed to clear a long ball from John Terry which ran loose to Drogba who thundered the ball past the previously unbeatable Manuel Almunia for the equaliser.
Some wayward defending cost Arsenal the game soon after when Kolo Toure failed to cut out Joe Cole's cross and Drogba pounced to score.
The Chelsea fans, who had jeered Avram Grant's double substutiton after 70 minutes when he replaced Claude Makelele and Michael Ballack with Juliano Belleti and Nicolas Anelka, were screaming in delight at the end. 
Chelsea are now back with a fighting chance of securing the title for the third time in four seasons and Manchester United's visit to Stamford Bridge on April 26 is likely to be another pivotal battle.
Factbox on Hugo Sanchez, who was sacked as Mexico soccer coach on Monday.
Born July 11, 1958 in Mexico City and widely regarded as the finest footballer Mexico has ever produced.
Leading scorer in the Spanish championship five times, once with Atletico Madrid and four times with Real Madrid.
Sanchez won 75 caps, scoring 47 goals for Mexico, though like the team he underperformed at major tournaments.
He played at the 1978, 1986 and 1994 World Cups, scoring only one goal.
Sanchez began his playing career with Mexico City's Pumas UNAM and finished with Atletico Celaya in 1996.
He also played for clubs in the United States and Austria.
As a coach, he had two stints with the Pumas beginning in 2000 and ending in 2006, winning successive Mexican titles in 2004.
Had a brief spell with Necaxa in 2006.
Sanchez was sent off more than a dozen times during his stints with the Pumas for arguing with the referee and believed the officials were persecuting him.
Sanchez was an outspoken critic of previous Mexico coach Ricardo La Volpe.
He criticised the policy of selecting foreign-born players and of playing friendly internationals in the United States instead of Mexico.
Sanchez was named Mexico soccer coach on Nov. 16, 2006 and was expected to lead the team to qualification for the 2010 World Cup.
In their first official competition under his leadership, Mexico reached the 2007 Gold Cup final where they lost 2-1 to the United States.
Sanchez's high point came less than one week later when his side beat Brazil 2-0 in the Copa America.
They went on to finish third.
In March, Mexico's under-23 team, which Sanchez also coached, failed to qualify for the Beijing Olympics, regarded as a major failure.
He was sacked two weeks later.
Mexico fired coach Hugo Sanchez on Monday after only 16 months in the job, the Mexico Football Federation said.
The former Real Madrid striker, widely regarded as the finest player Mexico has produced, was sacked two weeks after the under-23 team, which he also coaches, failed to qualify for the Beijing Olympics.
The FMF said the decision had been taken by a meeting of the federation's executive committee, which is made up of the presidents of the 18 first division clubs.
Sanchez, appointed in November 2006 after lobbying intensively for the job for years, was in charge for 23 full internationals, winning 12, drawing three and losing eight.
However, it was the Olympic team's failure which proved his downfall as Mexico were knocked out in the first stage of the CONCACAF qualifying tournament after finishing third behind Canada and Guatemala in their group.
The full international side were also criticised for their performance at the CONCACAF Gold Cup last year.
Despite reaching the final, where they lost 2-1 to hosts United States, Mexico struggled to one-goal wins over Cuba, Panama and Guadeloupe and were beaten by Honduras.
They produced a much-improved performance at the Copa America in Venezuela shortly afterwards, beating Brazil 2-0 and thumping Paraguay 6-0 on their way to the semi-finals where they lost to a Lionel Messi-inspired Argentina.
World number six Andy Roddick is planning to marry 20-year-old model Brooklyn Decker.
The couple wanted to tell their family and close friends first but good news travels fast, said a note on American Roddick's official Web site.
With their hectic travel schedules, Andy and Brooklyn plan to enjoy their engagement and will wait to set a wedding date.
Decker has appeared as a swimsuit model in Sports Illustrated magazine.
Sixth seed Roddick continues his Sony Ericsson Open campaign with a third-round match against Czech qualifier Ivo Minar in Miami later on Monday.
Empoli have reappointed Luigi Cagni as coach after sacking Alberto Malesani, Serie A's bottom club said on Monday.
Fellow strugglers Catania also announced the departure of coach Silvio Baldini in a statement.
Baldini had been in charge since the start of the season and Italian media said he was expected to be replaced by former Italy goalkeeper Walter Zenga.
Catania are hovering over the drop zone after a 2-1 home defeat by Torino on Sunday.
Tuscan side Empoli are one point adrift at the bottom with seven games left of the season following Sunday's 2-0 home loss to Sampdoria.
The change of coach was announced on their Web site.
Cagni returns after being sacked and replaced by former Udinese boss Malesani in November, when Empoli were third from bottom.
The dismissal of Cagni was a surprise after he had led the small club to seventh spot in the previous season and a first ever appearance in the UEFA Cup.
Sacking coaches and then bringing them back is in vogue in Italy.
Palermo's Stefano Colantuono, dismissed in November, returned for a second spell last week but lost his first game 1-0 at Napoli on Sunday.
There will be a formidable police presence at the Champions League quarter-final, first leg match between AS Roma and Manchester United in Rome on Tuesday with 1,400 officers on duty.
Trouble has flared between the two sets of fans during the last two encounters between the teams in the city, in April and December of last year.
Several United fans were stabbed by Roma ultras and the English club's supporters were also baton-charged by police both inside and outside the stadium.
They were in turn accused of trying to get into the ground with forged tickets, which further exacerbated problems between English fans and law enforcement officers.
Greater Manchester police have urged United's fans to use the official free buses laid on to take them to the stadium rather than making their own way there.
Georgia's German coach Klaus Toppmoeller has been sacked by the country's soccer federation because of the team's disappointing results, Interfax news agency reported.
The removal of the head coach from his job was dictated by the extremely mediocre performances of the national side under his management, the news agency quoted soccer federation president Nodar Akhalkatsi as telling reporters.
Toppmoeller, a former Bayer Leverkusen coach who in his first season at the German club took them to the Champions League final, had been Georgian head coach since 2006.
Georgia failed to qualify for the Euro 2008 finals, despite inflicting a shock 2-0 defeat on Scotland last year and holding Ukraine to a 1-1 draw in their group campaign.
German powerhouses Bayern Munich and Bayer Leverkusen will look to record comfortable first leg leads in their UEFA Cup quarter-finals on Thursday and all but set up a tantalising semi-final between themselves.
Bundesliga leaders Bayern host Spanish side Getafe while Bayer are at home to Russian champions Zenit St Petersburg.
The other two ties see Britain's sole remaining representative Rangers at home to Portuguese outfit Sporting Lisbon while Fiorentina receive Dutch side PSV Eindhoven.
Bayern last won this trophy in the 1995/96 season and it is one that has eluded the grasp of their master coach Ottmar Hitzfeld, who would love to round off his time in charge - he is leaving to take over the Swiss national side at the end of this campaign - by landing it.
Getafe, though, might only be 12th in their championship but have punched above their weight this term in the UEFA Cup, eliminating Portuguese giants Benfica in the last round.
However, they travel to Germany with a bad omen hovering over them as coach Michael Laudrup has never won there even during his stellar playing career and the former Danish playmaker is far from confident that record is going to end.
We are talking about the best team in the tournament and the best players, he told UEFA.com.
Laudrup will be praying that Bayern are still a little leg weary after their tired performance last Saturday saw them held 1-1 by strugglers Nuremberg, which Hitzfeld claimed was just a bad day at the office but added he would be holding frank discussions with the players.
Indeed Bayern's rugged Argentinian international defender Martin Demichelis is convinced that Bayern will face a tough battle with their opponents.
I rate Getafe as one of the best teams still in the competition, he told the club's website.
They will be totally motivated and are not coming here for a kickabout.
They are as keen to make the semi-finals, added Demichelis, who has had a bet with compatriot and Getafe goalkeeper Roberto Abbondanzieri over the outcome.
Bayer, winners of this tournament in 1988, can only really think of the UEFA Cup as the sole chance of silverware this term as they are 10 points behind Bayern in the title race, having failed to take advantage of Bayern's draw last weekend by losing 2-0 at home to Eintracht Frankfurt.
However, they face tough opposition in Zenit, coached by two-time former Dutch national handler Dick Advocaat, and Bayer's Swiss midfielder Tranquillo Barnetta admitted they would have to up their game to take a lead to Russia.
Bayer coach Michael Skibbe confessed that he would have preferred to have played the first leg in Russia, especially as Zenit showed what a force they are in their lair by overturning a 3-1 deficit from the first leg in Marseille by beating the French side 2-0 in St Petersburg to win on the away goal rule.
They will have to be especially wary of Zenit frontman Pavel Pogrebnyak, who has scored four times in the last four UEFA Cup matches to take his total to seven for the competition this term.
Rangers will be looking to add the UEFA Cup to their sole European title win, the now defunct Cup Winners Cup in 1972, by establishing a comfortable advantage to take to Lisbon next week against a side they beat on their way to the Cup Winners Cup.
Sporting, however, are determined to gain consolation for the fact they have failed to mount a strong challenge for the title with FC Porto, and trail them by 20 points with just six matches remaining.
Rangers should welcome back tough-tackling midfielder Brahim Hemdani, who has had more of an impact on their European challenge this term than on the domestic title race, and he will have to be at his sharpest to deny Sporting's Brazilian sharpshooter Liedson, who scored twice at the weekend in league action.
Fiorentina will also be hoping to make home advantage count against PSV, who are five points ahead of Ajax in the title race with three matches remaining, but face a formidable obstacle in the Dutch side's 'keeper Gomes, who once again proved his credentials in the 0-0 draw with NEC Breda last weekend.
He is a great goalkeeper, someone who does that little bit special, said PSV coach Sef Vergoossen.
Fenerbahce midfielder Deivid went from zero to hero as his side came from behind to beat Chelsea 2-1 in Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final, first leg.
Deivid had looked like the villain of the peace when he gifted Chelsea the lead with an early own goal at the Sukru Saracoglu stadium.
But the Turkish champions snatched an equaliser through Colin Kazim-Kazim midway through the second half and Deivid made amends for his earlier blunder with a breath-taking winner nine minutes from full-time.
How Chelsea left Istanbul empty-handed only they will know.
They were in complete control and should have been further in front before Kazim-Kazim struck.
Avram Grant's side will still believe they can overturn the deficit in the return at Stamford Bridge next week but the task is far harder than it should have been.
Grant told Sky TV afterwards: This is football.
A game supposed to be 3-0 or 4-0 for us ends 2-1 against us.
We dominated the game, we created chances.
At 1-1 Michael Ballack was in front of the goal.
But this is football.
Sometimes you don't pay attention, you sleep and we lost the game.
Normally, it's a good result to lose 2-1 away from home but because we played the better football it's disappointing.
Now they are coming to our home, we need to win the game.
His Fenerbahce counterpart Zico said that they had turned things round at half-time.
At the break we told the players that we had to take risks, that without taking them we would end up with nothing, said the former Brazil playing legend.
If we show the same attitude in England then I believe that we will get the result that sends us through to the semi-finals.
Fenerbahce had never been this far in the competition before and Chelsea's visit was billed as the biggest match in their history.
As the club's volatile fans crammed into the stadium hours before kick-off, whipping the atmosphere to fever pitch, it was easy to see why they were unbeaten in the last 11 home European matches.
In such a seething cauldron of noise, Grant needed Chelsea's stars to show their greater experience at this rarified level.
Every touch by a Chelsea player was greeted with an ear-splitting barrage of whistles, but Grant's side have survived equally hostile environments many times before.
They made an assured start and scored with their first serious attack in the 13th minute.
Frank Lampard cleverly dummied Ashley Cole's pass, allowing Florent Malouda to find space on the left side of the penalty area.
He drove a low cross towards Didier Drogba and Deivid tried to clear but only succeeded in deflecting the ball past by wrong-footed keeper Volkan Demirel into his own net.
Confidence now flowing, Michael Essien almost doubled Chelsea's lead moments later with a swerving 25-yard strike that skimmed the crossbar.
Drogba's muscular presence unsettled Zico's team time and again.
He easily turned Gokcek Vederson to fire in a powerful shot that Demirel pushed away.
With the hosts in disarray, Michael Ballack had yards of space to produce a majestic defence-splitting pass to Drogba.
The Ivorian striker was only denied a goal by Demirel's charge from his line to hack clear.
The hosts could only improve after half-time and finally put together an attack of note when Alex glanced a header wide from Onder Turaci's cross.
Kazim-Kazim was an unlikely savour for Fenerbahce.
He was called Kazim-Richards when he was bought by Brighton with a transfer fee donated by a fan who won a League Cup competition but changed his name after moving to Turkey last year.
He certainly added some fizz to his side and Mateja Kezman responded with an overhead kick which Carlo Cudicini blocked at his near post.
Ballack's long-range effort drew a fine save from Demirel as Chelsea responded.
Then out of nowhere Fenerbahce equalised as Grant's side were caught sleeping at the back in the 65th minute.
Mehmet Aurelio's pass cut out Chelsea's centre-backs and Kazim-Kazim timed his run perfectly before lashing it past Cudicini.
I can't believe it! beamed Kazim-Kazim.
To score the goal with my left foot for the first time ever, and against Chelsea is unbelievable! 
Ballack should have restored Chelsea's lead moments later but Demirel saved well to frustrate the German again.
How Chelsea would rue that miss.
There seemed little danger when Deivid took possession 30 yards out in the 81st minute.
He quickly disproved that theory with a stunning strike that arrowed into the top corner.
Ballack said afterwards: We are very disappointed.
We had a big chance to win here.
Even after the 1-1 we had two good chances, me and Didier to score the second goal.
But we didn't concentrate enough.
We have to go again next week.
It was our fault, the game was in our hands.
Arsenal and Liverpool drew 1-1 in an end-to-end Champions League quarter-final first leg match at the Emirates Stadium on Wednesday.
Togo striker Emmanuel Adebayor headed Arsenal in front after 23 minutes when he rose unchallenged to power the ball past keeper Pepe Reina from close range.
Arsenal's joy was short-lived, however, as Liverpool equalised in the 26th minute when captain Steven Gerrard surged past three defenders wide on the left and crossed for Dutch striker Dirk Kuyt to slide home.
Wednesday's match was the first of three between the teams inside seven days as they face each other again in the Premier League at the Emirates on Saturday before the return leg at Anfield next Tuesday.
The 200th meeting between the old rivals who first met in 1893 was a superb advert for the English game, even though only three Englishmen played Jamie Carragher and Steven Gerrard of Liverpool and halftime Arsenal substitute Theo Walcott.
The game had all the power, speed and high tempo play typical of the Premier League and while Arsenal created the better chances, Liverpool defended superbly.
Their only slip was to leave Adebayor free to score his 24th goal of the season and his second in successive games in the Champions League.
Arsenal took a deserved lead after Robin van Persie had twice gone close.
The Dutch forward had a great chance to put Arsenal ahead after 20 minutes when he found himself in space and onside after escaping his markers after collecting a 50-metre pass from Mathieu Flamini.
Somehow though, with only Reina to beat, he sent a left-foot volley high over the bar.
Two minutes later he forced Reina into a low dive to his left to force a corner from which Arsenal scored.
Van Persie's cross found the unmarked Adebayor and the tall striker rose unchallenged to powerfully head home.
Gerrard, who had an outstanding game, provided a quick response with the cross for Kuyt who nipped in between Philippe Senderos and Gael Clichy to equalise.
The match developed into an absorbing duel for midfield supremacy with both teams looking to push forward although Arsenal created the better chances.
Walcott went close with a searing 54th minute shot that went wide and two minutes later Arsenal appeared to have legitimate claims for a penalty denied when Kuyt seemed to pull back Aleksandr Hleb's left shoulder inside the box.
Dutch referee Pieter Vink, who did not need to use cards throughout the game, waved play on. 
Liverpool striker Fernando Torres gave his Spanish compatriot and Arsenal keeper Manuel Almunia some worrying moments in the second half but failed to add to the 28 goals he has scored this season.
Liverpool were fortunate twice in the space of five minutes midway through the second half.
Defender Martin Skrtel cleared an Emmanuel Eboue shot off the line and a shot from Cesc Fabregas hit Arsenal team mate Nicklas Bendtner standing on the Liverpool goal-line.
Paris St Germain moved out of Ligue 1's relegation zone with a 1-0 victory over Racing Strasbourg at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday.
Ivory Coast forward Amara Diane struck from close range on 73 minutes to give the Parisians three precious points from their first outing since Saturday's 2-1 League Cup final win over Racing Lens.
That match had been marred by a racist banner unfolded by PSG supporters and the capital club were under tight scrutiny for Wednesday's game, during which no major incidents were reported.
PSG climb two spots to 17th, one place below Strasbourg, with seven games left.
Britain's Liam Tancock set a new world record of 24.47 seconds for the 50 metres backstroke at Britain's Olympic trials on Wednesday.
Tancock set the record on the first 50 of the men's 200 backstroke heats, eclipsing German Thomas Rupprath's mark of 24.80.
Everyone in the world has been queuing up for a world record, he told reporters.
I decided to go for it a few weeks ago.
I was feeling fast in training.
I am really pleased.
Ramon Sessions sank a jumper from the corner at the final buzzer Wednesday to give Milwaukee a 110-109 victory over Washington, spoiling the return of Wizards playmaker Gilbert Arenas.
Arenas, who had missed Washington's past 66 games with a left knee injury, scored 17 points and sank two free throws to give the Wizards a 109-108 lead with 15.1 seconds remaining.
The Bucks lost the ball, managed to force a jump ball with 6.3 seconds to play and took over with 1.1 second remaining, just enough time to find Sessions in the left corner for the winning shot.
As worrisome as the loss for the Wizards, who missed a chance to clinch a National Basketball Association playoff berth, were late injuries to starters Antawn Jamison and DeShawn Stevenson on the same night Arenas made his return.
Jamison was holding his right arm and Stevenson was grimacing in pain after hobbling to the bench favoring his right leg.
Arenas, nicknamed Agent Zero for his jersey number, received a standing ovation from a cheering crowd when he entered the game with 5:21 remaining in the first quarter.
The 26-year-old point guard averaged 28.5 points last season, third-best in the NBA, and led the Wizards with 22.4 points and 5.9 assists a game before undergoing knee surgery November 21, five days after his last prior game.
The three-time All-star scored his first points on a layup after playing just 33 seconds to give the Wizards an 18-14 lead, starting a run where Arenas scored 10 of 11 Wizards points.
Arenas hit 4-of-5 from the field in the opening quarter, including a pair of 3-pointers, and the Wizards led 33-30 after the first quarter, 61-54 at halftime and 86-78 entering the fourth quarter.
But Milwaukee went on a 7-0 run in the final minutes to seize a 108-107 lead, setting up the final dramatics.
The Bucks improved to 26-48, keeping their slim playoff hopes alive.
Washington fell to 38-37 in a fight with Toronto and Philadelphia for playoff position with two weeks remaining in the regular season.
Formula One could expand to 20 grands prix in future but that should be the upper limit, team bosses said at a motor sport business forum in Bahrain on Wednesday.
The current season has 18 races, after 17 last year and a record 19 in 2005.
I think 20 races is a big number but a sensible number, organisers quoted Red Bull team principal Christian Horner as saying in a review of the day's activities ahead of Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix.
It's a huge logistical challenge but the way the teams are working with each other to self-regulate testing it is possible. 
Honda chief executive Nick Fry agreed: I think 20 grands prix is about right, he said.
The balance of traditional circuits in Europe and circuits in new continents is vital. 
Formula One needs to go where the commercial market is and that market is moving from Europe and North America to the Middle East and Asia. 
Formula One has two new venues this year, with a European Grand Prix in Valencia and the first night-time race in Singapore, but the U.S. Grand Prix at Indianapolis has gone.
Bahrain, which hosts the third round of the season, is currently the only Middle Eastern race but Abu Dhabi is pencilled in for next year while India and South Korea are scheduled for 2010.
A third Middle Eastern race could also be on the cards, with Dubai and Qatar interested and already having lavish facilities in place.
We should have 20 races but not more. The future is definitely the Middle East region, said Force India's Colin Kolles. 
There is a lot of investment coming out of this region and that is what is needed in Formula One.
McLaren boss Ron Dennis added that any expansion should not come at the expense of the European winter break.
I welcome this expansion, and heartily commend Bernie Ecclestone for spearheading it, he told delegates.
But I have two provisos: Firstly, that the season never expands to more than 20 grands prix, which I regard as a natural logistical limit and, secondly, that we preserve a closed season over the winter.
The closed season is essential not only for logistical reasons but also in order to stir up a sense of anticipation in the hearts and minds of F1 fans. 
FIA President Max Mosley will not be attending Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix after sexual revelations about him in a British tabloid newspaper.
A spokesman for the governing International Automobile Federation confirmed on Wednesday that Mosley, would miss the third race of the Formula One season.
The FIA President was originally scheduled to attend the race in Bahrain but legal matters have detained him in London, he said.
In a letter sent to all national FIA clubs and bodies, including the World Motor Sport Council, Mosley apologised on Tuesday for any embarrassment caused by revelations in Sunday's News of the World tabloid.
He said he intended to issue legal proceedings against the newspaper in the UK and other jurisdictions and also made clear he had no intention of resigning, despite calls for him to do so.
I will not allow any of this to impede my commitment to the FIA, he wrote.
Barcelona and Villarreal failed to put the pressure on leaders Real Madrid as they dropped points in the Primera Liga on Sunday.
Real Mallorca had held the champions to a 1-1 draw on Saturday but Frank Rijkaard's Barcelona side drew 0-0 at home to UEFA Cup quarter-finalists Getafe, while Villarreal's nine-game unbeaten run ended with a 2-0 defeat away to Sevilla.
Real have 66 points, and are seven clear of Villarreal and Barcelona tied in second and third respectively on 59 points, with seven games left to play.
Getafe's well-organised defence gave Barca few sights of goal at the Nou Camp the woodwork and Argentina goalkeeper Roberto Abbondanzieri did the rest.
Samuel Eto'o struck a post in the first half and Giovani dos Santos repeated the feat at the start of the second.
Xavi hit an upright at a free kick as Barca's attacks became more desperate and Abbondanzieri saved Eidur Gudjohnsen's point-blank header. 
Barca were whistled off the pitch at the end.
Villarreal were always up against it at the Sanchez Pizjuan and were pegged back by Sevilla's Brazil striker Luis Fabiano, who raced clear to score his 23rd of the campaign midway through the first half.
Diego Lopez made a string of important saves to keep the visitors in the game, but gave away a penalty three minutes from time, which Mali striker Frederic Kanoute put away.
Atletico Madrid beat nine-man Almeria 6-3 to strengthen their grip on fourth place with 53 points.
The home side were cruising inside six minutes after a free kick from Antonio Lopez, a penalty from Uruguay's Diego Forlan, and a red card for visiting defender Ruben Pulido.
But Almeria stormed back to level by the 17th minute.
Portugal winger Simao Sabrosa restored Atletico's lead with a free kick which the keeper fumbled into his own net, but again Almeria equalised.
Unai Emery's side were reduced to nine men in the 40th minute, and Simao's breakaway goal just before the break effectively ended their brave resistance. 
Argentine striker Sergio Aguero wrapped up the scoring for Atletico with two in the second half.
Racing Santander stumbled to a 3-1 home defeat to Deportivo Coruna and are fifth on 50 points, two ahead of Sevilla in sixth.
At the foot of the standings, Real Zaragoza's 3-0 home defeat to Real Betis left them deep in relegation trouble in 18th with 33 points, three adrift of 17th-placed Recreativo Huelva.
Real Murcia, who beat King's Cup finalists Valencia 1-0, are 19th with 29 and bottom club Levante, who lost 3-0 against Valladolid, have 19.
Two goals in two minutes from Djibril Cisse and Mamadou Niang helped Olympique Marseille defeat Ligue 1 leaders Olympique Lyon 3-1 on Sunday.
It was Marseille's first victory at the Stade Velodrome over the six times French champions since September 1997.
Marseille, who won 2-1 at Lyon earlier this season, also became the first side in this campaign to pick up six points against Lyon.
Cisse and Niang scored in the 26th and 28th minute shooting home backpasses which caught Lyon's keeper Gregory Coupet off balance.
Lyon, who were on a run of six wins, got back into the game through an own goal from Marseille captain Lorik Cana, who misheaded Juninho's long-range free kick in the dying seconds of the first half.
Despite having to replace injured defensive midfielder Jeremy Toulalan and striker Fred by Kim Kallstrom and Hatem Ben Arfa in the 11th and 31st minute, the French champions stepped up a gear in the second half.
Niang sealed his team's victory when he headed home a Benoit Cheyrou centre in the 54th minute.
With six matches left, the result cut Lyon's lead to six points over Girondins Bordeaux, who won 2-0 at Stade Rennes on Saturday.
Marseille stay fourth three points adrift of AS Nancy who kept the ticket to the Champions League qualifying round with a 1-0 home win over relegation-threatened Paris St Germain earlier on Sunday.
Nancy's winning goal was scored by Marc-Antoine Fortune who headed home in the 69th minute shortly after PSG had an effort controversially disallowed for offside after a one-two between Pedro Pauleta and Amana Diane.
The defeat puts PSG back into the drop zone. 
They are 18th, level on 35 points with Racing Lens, Toulouse and Strasbourg, although above the latter on goal difference.
Bottom club Metz have just 18 points and are certain to be relegated.
Bayern Munich moved nine points clear in the Bundesliga with seven games to play after showing character to match their quality in a 3-1 win at home to VfL Bochum on Sunday.
Bayern, heading for a 21st German league title, went behind to a long-range shot from Mimoun Azaouagh in the fourth minute and they were in deeper trouble when Mark van Bommel was red-carded in the 27th minute.
The Bavarians began the fightback with a Lucio header four minutes later before a second-half Franck Ribery penalty and a late strike from Christian Lell saw them home.
We showed unbelievable spirit to turn the game around, coach Ottmar Hitzfeld told Premiere TV.
Bayern have 57 points from 27 games, followed by Schalke 04 on 48 after their 1-0 win at home to Hansa Rostock on Saturday.
Hamburg SV, beaten 1-0 at resurgent VfB Stuttgart on Saturday, drop to third with 47, ahead of Werder Bremen on goal difference after their 2-1 win at Hertha Berlin.
Stuttgart, last season's champions, climb to fifth on 45 points, with Bayern Leverkusen sixth on 44 after they suffered a last-gasp 2-1 defeat at Borussia Dortmund on Sunday.
Bayern needed to atone for a careless display in Thursday's 1-1 draw with Getafe in the UEFA Cup, a result that leaves them with a lot to do to clinch a place in the semi-finals.
They were rocked when Azaouagh's right-foot shot from over 25 metres flew past Oliver Kahn and into the top left-hand corner.
Two needless bookings for Van Bommel left them in deeper trouble but they were back in the game when Lucio headed in a Bastian Schweinsteiger free kick for his first league goal of the season.
Bayern got a deserved second when Ribery converted a penalty for handball with 16 minutes to go. 
I've been in this situation many times before and little bits of luck, good or bad, can decide your season, said goalkeeper Kahn.
We weren't doing so well at a goal down and with Van Bommel off but we gave it everything to come back.
American Johnson Wagner won the Houston Open by two strokes after a final-round 71 on Sunday to pocket $1 million and a place in next week's U.S. Masters.
The 313th-ranked Wagner, who fired a course record-tying nine-under-par 63 in the opening round, led wire-to-wire finishing with a 16-under 272 total at Redstone Golf Club.
Tied for second place at 14-under 274 were Australian Geoff Ogilvy and American Chad Campbell, one stroke better than Americans Fred Couples and Billy Mayfair.
This is unbelievable, 28-year-old Wagner told NBC TV after clinching his first U.S. Tour title at the 18th.
I can't believe I'm going to Augusta next week, This was a long time coming and a dream come true.
World number one Lorena Ochoa underlined her dominance in the women's game by charging to a second successive major title by five shots at the Kraft Nabisco Championship on Sunday.
The 26-year-old Mexican, a stroke ahead overnight, fired a flawless five-under-par 67 to pull away from the field on a breezy sun-drenched day at Mission Hills Country Club.
Ochoa, who clinched her first major title at last year's Women's British Open, closed the door on the chasing pack with a three-birdie run from the eighth before finishing at 11-under 277.
Ochoa won last year's British Open at St. Andrews by four shots, having led from the opening round.
Three-times champion Sorenstam, who considered withdrawing during Saturday's third round at Mission Hills because of intense stomach pain, signed off with a 68 to tie for second place.
The Swedish world number two piled up five birdies and a lone bogey to finish at six under, level with Norway's Suzann Pettersen.
Chelsea will be without their goalkeeper Petr Cech for the next two weeks after he had surgery on his lips and chin on Monday following a training ground accident.
The 25-year-old suffered the injuries after a collision with a teammate in training.
He misses Tuesday's Champions League quarter-final second-leg match against Fenerbahce.
Cech has missed the past nine games and now faces a race to be fit for the crucial league match against Manchester United on April 26 as Chelsea, presently three points behind, try to pip United to the title.
He has been unlucky with injuries this year, Chelsea manager Avram Grant said.
But this is football - it happens.
It was a tackle between two players, it doesn't matter who, all that matters is he is injured.
This year is not a good year for him.
He was looking good in training.
I don't feel so good about it but every player that is injured doesn't make me happy.
Manchester United received a boost ahead of their Champions League quarter-final, second leg at home to AS Roma with the news on Monday that defender Rio Ferdinand has not broken a bone in his foot.
The England defender is still doubtful for Wednesday's match at Old Trafford, however, with United's medical staff not confirming how long he might be out of action.
Rio went for a scan on Monday and we can confirm that he has not suffered any break, a club official told United's Web site.
Manager Alex Ferguson had feared the worst after watching the England defender limp off in the second half of Sunday's 2-2 draw at Middlesbrough that leaves United three points clear of Chelsea at the top of the Premier League with five games left.
Ferguson has already lost Ferdinand's defensive partner Nemanja Vidic for at least two weeks.
The partnership has played a big part in United's assault on Premier League and Champions League honours this season.
Ferguson, whose team won the first leg 2-0 in Rome last week, is expected to provide an update on Ferdinand at his pre-match news conference on Tuesday.
Luxembourg's Kim Kirchen unexpectedly took the second stage of the Tour of the Basque Country after winning a bunch sprint on Tuesday.
Kirchen beat Italian Paolo Bettini in the mass dash for the line with David Herrero of Spain finishing third.
I never expected to have such a good result here, Kirchen told reporters.
It was a real surprise for me, because I've been ill in the build-up to this race and there are a lot of big favourites.
But I felt good during the stage, got in a good position in the last kilometre and decided to have a try for the win.
Tour de France champion Alberto Contador retained the overall lead and Kirchen admitted he cannot challenge the race leader.
No, that's not possible, the High Road rider responded.
I'm happy with just one stage win.
Despite numerous late attacks in the final section of the hilly 153-kms stage, Astana rider Contador remains three seconds ahead of fellow countryman Ezequiel Mosquera with Herrero eight seconds behind in thrid.
Wednesday's 195-kms stage from Erandio to Viana has four classified climbs and should feature more attacks on Contador.
The Tour of the Basque Country finishes with a time trial in Orio on April 12th.
American Lindsay Davenport reached the second round of the 600,000-dollar WTA Bausch and Lomb Championship on Tuesday with a 6-2, 6-3 victory over compatriot Vania King.
Davenport is 43-6 with four titles since she returned to the WTA seven months ago after missing just under a year to have her first child.
In 10 trips to Amelia Island, Davenport is 30-5 with titles in 1997, 2004 and 2005.
Davenport, next faces American Jill Craybas and could meet third seed Daniela Hantuchova of Slovakia in the third round.
Hantuchova and other top-eight seeds had an opening bye.
Hungarian eighth seed Agnes Szavay became the first to reach the third round by dispatching Russian Ekaterina Makarova 6-4, 6-1.
Top seed Maria Sharapova, returning from a two-week break, was to face Czech qualifier Barbora Zahlavova Strycova and French fourth seed Marion Bartoli was to meet Olga Govortsova of Belarus in later second-round matches.
Sharapova, making her first Amelia Island appearance, sat out the Miami event because of a right shoulder injury and fatigue.
The 20-year-old Russian beauty has not played since suffering her first loss of the year in an Indian Wells semi-final against countrywoman Svetlana Kuznetsova.
Sharapova, seeking her first clay-court final after three prior semi-final defeats on the surface, won her first 18 matches of the year, including titles at the Australian Open and Doha.
Liverpool beat Arsenal 4-2 in a classic Champions League battle at Anfield on Tuesday to reach the semi-finals for the third time in four seasons.
Liverpool won 5-3 on aggregate with Steven Gerrard scoring an 85th-minute penalty a minute after Emmanuel Adebayor had scored to put Arsenal level at 2-2 and ahead on away goals.
Arsenal took the lead through Adebayor after 13 minutes but Liverpool fought back with goals from Sami Hyypia after 30 minutes and Fernando Torres in the 69th.
Substitute Ryan Babel sealed the win with a stoppage time goal.
The tension at Anfield was almost unbearable throughout the match that will go down as one of the best played in Europe's elite competition.
Michael Ballack and Frank Lampard were both on target as Chelsea beat Fenerbahce 2-0 Tuesday to secure their place in the last four of the Champions League.
After a 2-1 defeat in the first leg last week, the result secured Avram Grant9s side a 3-2 aggregate success.
It took Chelsea just four minutes to settle their nerves.
A 1-0 lead, with the advantage of an away goal, left them theoretically vulnerable, and although that remained the margin until three minutes from time, they were never truly in any trouble.
Lampard laid on the first, sending in a typically accurate free-kick in from the right.
Ballack met his cross with a glancing header, and goalkeeper Volkan Demirak could only watch it bounce across him and inside the far post.
It was the German9s sixth goal of the season and, crucially, it wiped out Fenerbahce9s first-leg advantage.
Zico9s side, though, had found themselves even worse off in the previous round, when they were 2-0 down inside 10 minutes of the second leg against Sevilla.
Comebacks have been a way of life for them this season - they took four points from their two group games against CSKA Moscow despite being behind in both, and hit back from a 1-0 deficit to beat Kayserispor with two goals in the last 25 minutes in the league on Saturday - but this time it wasn9t to be.
They didn9t panic, but they rarely looked dangerous either, and the first real drama in the Chelsea box came after 24 minutes when goalkeeper Carlo Cudicini went down with a knee injury.
Already without Petr Cech, their number one, who needed 50 stitches in a facial wound after a training-ground collision with defender Tal Ben Haim, that left Chelsea having to throw on their third choice, Hilario.
His only real involvement of the first half, though was to make a simple save from a Diego Lugano header from Alex9s free-kick. 
The second half was largely a question of marking time, with Chelsea content to hold possession and Fenerbahce incapable of stealing it from them.
Lampard eventually settled things three minutes from time, firing in from Michael Essien9s cross.
The only down side for them was that Essien, booked with four minutes remaining, will miss the first leg of the semi-final through suspension.
Chelsea face Liverpool for the third time in four years in the semi-final later this month.
Arsene Wenger blamed the referee and his own defence for Arsenal's 4-2 defeat in an astonishing Champions League quarter-final at Liverpool on Tuesday.
The Gunners were seven minutes away from advancing to the semi-finals on the away goals rule after making the score 2-2 on the night, but went out 5-3 on aggregate after two late Liverpool goals.
A controversial penalty award by Swedish referee Peter Frojdfeldt for a tug on Ryan Babel by Kolo Toure saw Steven Gerrard score the crucial goal to put Liverpool 3-2 ahead with five minutes to play.
To rub salt into Wenger's wounds, Arsenal had an identical appeal for a penalty dismissed in the first leg at the Emirates Stadium last week when Liverpool held them to a 1-1 draw in London.
We have a feeling of disappointment and injustice.
At the moment it is difficult because the whole dressing room is down, Wenger said.
The game is over for us.
It was down to a dodgy decision, I believe, from the referee.
Over the two games it was difficult to swallow.
It was a double disappointment because all the big decisions went against us.
We have to live with that.
Sometimes you have to swallow the unswallowable.
It is difficult to understand for me.
I have watched it clearly again, but last week it was definitely a penalty.
Wenger felt his defence played a part in Arsenal's downfall as Sami Hyypia was allowed a free header to equalise Abou Diaby's opener and Fernando Torres found time to turn and score his side's second.
After Gerrard's penalty, Babel completed the scoring with a stoppage-time fourth.
We had so much control but we were naive and we lacked a bit defensively, Wenger added.
The defeat was not down to mental strength though.
it was down to a lack of experience defensively.
We made big mistakes and we conceded a goal from a corner and on the second goal we gave Fernando Torres too much room.
Arsenal have now won just two of their last 12 games and only have the Premier League title to chase.
They are six points behind leaders Manchester United with five games to play.
Wenger believes a series of poor decisions and injuries to key players have affected his side.
We feel everything is going against us.
We lacked that extra bit of confidence because week after week there is more disappointment, he grumbled.
Barcelona's hopes of wresting the league title from Real Madrid suffered another blow on Saturday when they twice surrendered the lead to draw 2-2 at relegation-threatened Recreativo Huelva.
Samuel Eto'o put Barca in front at the start of each half but Recreativo's Argentine striker Marco Ruben hit back twice with headed equalisers the first a controversial effort that did not appear to cross the line.
The draw left Barca six points behind leaders Real Madrid with six games to play but the champions could extend that to nine if they beat struggling Real Murcia at the Bernabeu on Sunday.
The Catalans have won just one of their last seven league games and are only a point ahead of Villarreal, who can reclaim second place if they beat or draw with mid-table Almeria on Sunday.
Earlier on Saturday, surprise package Racing Santander piled the pressure on Ronald Koeman's beleaguered Valencia when a late Mohamed Tchite strike gave them a 2-1 win at the Mestalla.
Valencia, who meet Getafe in the King's Cup final on Wednesday, have won just one of their last nine league games and are only six points above the relegation zone in 14th place with almost all of their closest rivals yet to play.
They have won only once at the Mestalla in the last five months and have the joint worst home record in the league with basement side Levante.
Racing remain in fifth place but are now level on 53 points with Atletico Madrid who visit Valladolid on Sunday.
Barca, missing the injured Ronaldinho, Bojan Krkic, Thierry Henry, Andres Iniesta and Deco, could not have got off to a better start against Recreativo.
Eto'o put them in front with just over a minute on the clock when he headed in at the far post after Giovani dos Santos swept a fine cross in from the right.
Recreativo fought back strongly, however, and gave the Barca back four several scares with their quick counter-attacks and had them on the ropes at the end of the half.
They equalised in controversial fashion, however, just before the break when the referee awarded a goal after Barca goalkeeper Victor Valdes appeared to stop Ruben's header on the line.
Barca started the second half as they had begun the first, Eto'o restoring their lead after just over a minute when he sent an unstoppable swerving drive high into the net to take his tally for the season to 14 goals in 14 games.
But Recre continued to create problems for the Barca defence and claimed a deserved equaliser that left them four points above the drop zone when Ruben steered an angled header in at the far post after getting behind fullback Eric Abidal.
The only positive note for Barca was that Lionel Messi returned to action after over a month out when he came on as a substitute for the final 26 minutes.
Hasan Salihamidzic struck twice to give Juventus a 3-2 win over 10-man AC Milan on Saturday that severely dented the Rossoneri's hopes of qualifying for next season's Champions League.
Third-placed Juve, who face Parma in a game in hand on Wednesday, are close to sealing a qualifying place for Europe's premier competition in their first season back in the top flight following their match-fixing demotion and subsequent promotion.
Juve are nine points clear of last season's Champions League winners Milan, who are in fifth spot and four points behind Fiorentina having played a game more.
The Florence club, who occupy the final Champions League qualifying place, have six games left and visit leaders Inter Milan on Sunday when second-placed AS Roma travel to Udinese.
We will try just like we have tonight, Milan boss and former Juve coach Carlo Ancelotti told Sky.
Juve boss Claudio Ranieri was thrilled his side fought back from 2-1 down thanks to rare goals from Bosnian Salihamidzic on halftime and 10 minutes from the end.
We have been able to play the match we wanted.
3-2, it's been a really great game, Juve coach Ranieri said.
Milan went into the big match in Turin without suspended defenders Alessandro Nesta and Kakha Kaladze while Brazilian forward Alexandre Pato was injured.
Juve quickly exploited a second string defence when Mauro Camoranesi hurdled a tackle and played in Alessandro Del Piero, who netted his 14th league goal of the campaign from a tight angle on 12 minutes.
Ex-Juve striker Filippo Inzaghi, who like Del Piero looks poised to miss out on Italy's Euro 2008 squad, soon levelled with a trademark poacher's goal from Kaka's cross from the left.
With all the talk about Ronaldinho's likely arrival at Milan, the 34-year-old Inzaghi showed his worth with a second on half an hour when he sidefooted in after Daniele Bonera had squared the ball following Massimo Ambrosini's clever chip.
Juve, who lost 3-2 at Palermo last weekend, made it 2-2 just before the break when Paolo Maldini gave the ball away and Camoranesi crossed for David Trezeguet, whose header was blocked by keeper Zeljko Kalac only for winger Salihamidizic to score.
The second half failed to match the liveliness of the first before Milan defender Bonera slipped and planted his studs on Mohamed Sissoko's shin and received a straight red card.
Camoranesi then made sure he set up all three Juve goals when his free kick was nodded in unmarked by Salihamidzic.
Earlier on Saturday in the Sicilian derby, Fabrizio Miccoli bent in a free kick five minutes from time to hand Palermo a 1-0 home win and leave Catania three points above the drop zone The visitors, in Walter Zenga's second game in charge, had the better of the first half with striker Gionatha Spinesi stabbing over but mid-table Palermo gradually improved.
Olympique Marseille boosted their Champions League hopes with a 2-1 win at relegated Metz on Saturday.
Goals from Djibril Cisse and Samir Nasri moved Marseille up to third place at the expense of Nancy, defeated 2-1 at Lille.
Marseille and Nancy are both on 55 points from 33 games but the southerners lead their rivals on goal difference.
The top two in Ligue 1 qualify for the Champions League with the third-placed team entering the showcase event's qualifying round.
Despite an early goal by Cedric Barbosa, Metz were relegated to Ligue 2 with 18 points, 17 points from safety with five games left.
Troubled Paris Saint-Germain are a place above the relegation zone and host Nice on Sunday.
Leaders Olympique Lyon were held to a 1-1 home draw by Stade Rennes earlier on Saturday after Stephane M'bia equalised for the visitors in added time.
A powerful header by Cris had put the six-times French champions ahead, the defender rising to meet a corner from fellow Brazilian Juninho on 16 minutes.
Cameroon midfielfer M'bia gave Rennes a share of the points just before the final whistle, also with a header from a corner.
Lyon, chasing a seventh consecutive title, are on 68 points from 33 games, seven points ahead of second-placed Girondins Bordeaux, who host Caen on Sunday.
Fulham and Bolton Wanderers earned Premier League lifelines on Saturday with victories over Reading and West Ham United respectively to keep their survival hopes alive with four games remaining.
Goals by Brian McBride and Erik Nevland secured Fulham's 2-0 win, their first away success in the league in 19 months, while Bolton ended a dire run with a 1-0 home victory over West Ham courtesy of a Kevin Davies goal.
With Birmingham City drawing 1-1 at home to Everton, the day's results have tightened up the battle at the bottom.
Derby County, already relegated and thumped 6-0 at home by Aston Villa on Saturday, are bottom on 11 points. 
Fulham have 27, Bolton 29, Birmingham 31, Reading 32 and Wigan Athletic, with a game in hand, on 34.
The top four are in action later this weekend as on Sunday leaders Manchester United play Arsenal at Old Trafford and Liverpool face Blackburn Rovers while Chelsea host Wigan on Monday.
Everton are two points behind Liverpool on 61 points, Portsmouth after sixth on 57 after a goalless home draw with Newcastle United while Villa have 55.
Fernando Verdasco and Feliciano Lopez displayed nerves of steel to win a marathon doubles match on Saturday and propel Spain into the Davis Cup semi-finals.
They battled for almost five hours before grinding out a 6-7 7-6 6-4 2-6 12-10 win over Philipp Kohlschreiber and Philipp Petzschner, giving Spain an unbeatable 3-0 lead over Germany in Bremen.
The twice former champions are now eager to meet holders the United States and avenge last year's 4-1 quarter-final defeat.
The Americans lead their tie against France 2-1 in Winston-Salem and, despite going down in the doubles, will be favourites to seal their passage into the last four.
Top-ranked Mike and Bob Bryan missed out on a chance to become the most successful American doubles pairing when they lost 6-7 7-5 6-3 6-4 to Arnaud Clement and Michael Llodra.
They had shared a 14-1 win-loss Davis Cup record with John McEnroe and Peter Fleming but must now wait before securing a 15th win.
Argentina and Russia moved a step closer to meeting in the other semi-final after both nations won their doubles clashes to take a 2-1 lead into Sunday's reverse singles.
David Nalbandian and Guillermo Canas made the most of the raucous Buenos Aires atmosphere to beat Sweden's Jonas Bjorkman and Robert Linstedt 7-5 6-4 6-4 in an ill-tempered match.
Visiting teams have often complained about the crowd's overzealous behaviour in Argentina and on Saturday it was the Swedes who found the Estadio Parque Roca an inhospitable place.
Tempers frayed in the second set when Sweden captain Mats Wilander, amid jeering and whistling, complained to the umpire that Nalbandian was using time-wasting tactics to disrupt his team's rhythm.
I think they got a bit unnerved, Nalbandian told reporters.
I wanted to make the public happy by winning, so we played every point as if it was the last.
Canas said the atmosphere was comparable to a soccer match.
It was somewhat like football because representing Argentina is something unique, something which you feel in your skin, he said.
In Moscow, the Czechs found Russia to be perfect hosts and were given a roaring welcome when they stepped on court but the generosity in spirit stopped there.
World number four Nikolay Davydenko teamed up with Igor Andreev to outsmart Czech duo Pavel Vizner and Radek Stepanek 3-6 6-3 7-5 6-4.
Russia captain Shamil Tarpishchev had left Davydenko out of Friday's singles after the player flew in late to Moscow following his triumph in Miami last weekend.
Feeling fresh after enjoying a rest day, Davydenko proved his doubles game could be as lethal as his singles and he took great pleasure in stifling the Czech challenge.
Igor and I play well together.
After the first set we were able to relax, we had fun playing and we weren't nervous, Davydenko told reporters.
Andreev added: If I was to judge our play today I would give us five and them four minus.
Metz's slender hopes of playing first division football for the second straight season disappeared on Saturday with a 2-1 loss to Marseille seeing them slip through the relegation trap door.
Cedric Barbosa gave the home fans at the Stade Saint-Symphorien some hope when putting Metz into a three minute lead but Marseille hit back through former Liverpool striker Djibril Cisse and Samir Nasri for their 22nd defeat of the campaign.
With a mere 19 points to their name Metz' position is hopeless with an uncatchable 16 point gap to the fourth from bottom club, Paris Saint Germain with only a maximum 15 points left to play for this term.
Marseille moved up to 55 points and go third on goal difference ahead of Nancy, beaten 2-1 at Lille.
Metz coach Yvon Pouliquen, summing up the sombre mood, said: 'Disappointment is everywhere after this defeat.
I'm upset at the result but not with the manner of the defeat.
Marseille scored twice from three chances in the match, that efficiency made the difference.
Real Madrid stayed on course to retain the Spanish title after they recovered from a first-half sending-off to clinch a 1-0 win over relegation-threatened Real Murcia at the Bernabeu on Sunday.
Real, who had won just one of their previous four matches, looked to be in trouble when fullback Miguel Torres was given a straight red for ploughing into Murcia midfielder Dani Aquino on 20 minutes.
But despite a poor performance they managed to make off with the points thanks to a flash of brilliance from Dutch midfielder Wesley Sneijder who curled a shot into the corner on the hour after dispossessing a defender on the edge of the area.
With six matches left to play, Real lead the table on 69 points, nine ahead of Barcelona, who were held 2-2 at Recreativo Huelva on Saturday, and 10 clear of Villarreal who are away to Almeria in Sunday's late match.
Behind the top three, the race for the remaining Champions League place hotted up after Atletico Madrid were held to a 1-1 draw at Valladolid while Sevilla clinched a 3-2 win away against Real Mallorca.
Atletico looked to be on course for a narrow win after Argentine midfielder Maxi Rodriguez put the visitors in front with a spectacular half-volley midway through the second half.
But Valladolid snatched a valuable point when Nigerian striker Bartholomew Ogbeche got in behind the Atletico defence to steer home at the near post.
Atletico remain in fourth place on 54 points but are only one ahead of Racing Santander, who beat Valencia 2-1 on Saturday, and three clear of Sevilla.
The Andalucians claimed an important away win over Mallorca thanks to goals from Renato, Frederic Kanoute and Daniel Alves.
Espanyol continued their desperate run in the second half of the season when they lost their eighth game in 10 outings in a 1-0 defeat at home to Osasuna.
Basement side Levante claimed their first points in six games after a 1-0 win away to Real Betis but they remain seven points adrift of Murcia at the bottom.
Real Zaragoza are also in serious trouble after being held to a 0-0 draw at Getafe.
They have won just three of their last 22 games and remain in the relegation places, three points behind Recreativo Huelva.
Argentine forward Fernando Cavenaghi struck twice to give Girondins Bordeaux a 2-1 win over Caen 2-1 on Sunday that closed the gap on Ligue 1 leaders Olympique Lyon to four points.
Cavenaghi deflected in a free kick by Brazilian midfielder Wendel to give Bordeaux a 52nd minute lead before converting a 77th minute penalty after Caen defender Nicolas Seube handled the ball in the area.
Defender Jeremy Sorbon reduced the arrears for the visitors with a volley from close range a minute from time.
Second-placed Bordeaux, who were thrashed 5-0 at Caen earlier this season, moved on to 64 points from 33 games, four behind Lyon, with five matches left.
Lyon, chasing a seventh consecutive title, were held to a 1-1 home draw by Stade Rennes on Saturday.
Bayern Munich moved closer to winning their 21st German championship on Sunday by thrashing
Borussia Dortmund 5-0 and opening up a 10-point lead over second-placed Werder Bremen.
Bayern were 4-0 up after 22 minutes, Italy striker Luca Toni scoring twice after Lukas Podolski and Ze Roberto had given them a two-goal lead inside 10 minutes.
Andreas Ottl got the fifth in midway through the second half.
The two teams will meet again next Saturday in the German Cup final in Berlin.
Bayern are top with 60 points, with six matches remaining.
Werder Bremen, after a 5-1 win over Schalke 04 on Saturday, have 50 points, two ahead of Schalke in third.
Schalke sacked coach Mirko Slomka on Sunday after that debacle.
This was an important step for winning the championship, said Bayern's usually cautious sporting director Uli Hoeness.
We've got a 10-point lead with only three away matches. 
I don't think there's much that could happen to stop us now. 
Bayern are chasing three titles. They are also in the semi-finals of the UEFA Cup.
In Sunday's other match, Bayer Leverkusen beat VfB Stuttgart 3-0 to move into fourth place on 47 points.
Even without playmaker Franck Ribery, rested after Thursday's 3-3 draw at Getafe in the UEFA Cup quarter-final, Bayern were awesome at the start.
Podolski opened the scoring in the third minute in front of another sell-out crowd of 69,000 with a curling long range shot from the right to the far post.
Ze Roberto doubled the lead five minutes later when he tapped in a superb Phillip Lahm cross from the left.
Toni got his 17th and 18th league goals of the season in the space of five minutes, opening up a three-goal lead in the top scorers' chart ahead of Stuttgart's Mario Gomez.
Toni first beat Dortmund defender Christian Woerns on the right and fired in from short range and then volleyed home a Ze Roberto lob.
Coach Ottmar Hitzfeld said: We went out at a high pace even though the match at Getafe was so exhausting.
The first goal was excellent and once we got ahead everything clicked. 
Dortmund coach Thomas Doll said: I'm still trying to figure out what we were doing here. It felt like an execution. 
Dortmund midfielder Florian Kringe was also blunt about his team's performance.
If you're going to let Bayern play like that you shouldn't even make the trip to Munich, he said. You're better off not even getting out of bed. 
Second seed Tommy Robredo got his 2008 campaign off to a forgettable start when he was beaten in straight sets by Agustin Calleri in the Qatar Open on Tuesday.
The Spanish world number 10 never recovered after losing his first service game and went on to a 6-4 6-4 defeat against the unseeded Argentine.
Russian top seed Nikolay Davydenko and third seed Andy Murray of Britain cruised into the second round with resounding wins over Benedikt Dorsch of Germany and Olivier Rochus of Belgium.
Davydenko posted a 6-3 6-0 win in one hour 14 minutes to set up a second-round clash against French veteran Fabrice Santoro while Murray took four minutes longer to sail past Rochus 6-0 6-2.
Murray will take on wildcard and former champion Rainer Schuettler of Germany, who beat Romania's Andrei Pavel 1-6 6-2 6-0.
Calleri, who went 2-0 up against Robredo, jumped to a 4-2 lead and then broke Robredo again in the seventh game to be serving for the set at 5-2.
But he faltered with two double faults and handed the game to Robredo, who held his serve for 5-4.
But Calleri did not err again as he served out the set 6-4 in 42 minutes.
Calleri broke the Robredo serve again in the fifth game of the second before serving out the match and completing victory with an emphatic overhead.
I am very disappointed being out of this tournament.
Robredo told reporters, I was trying all the time.
After I lost my serve in the first game and it put me under a lot of pressure.
I will be playing in Sydney next and will try to do my best there before the Australian Open, Robredo said.
In other matches on Tuesday, Janko Tipsarevic of Serbia beat Santiago Ventura of Spain 3-6 6-3 6-4 and Switzerland's Stanislas Wawrinka beat another Spaniard, qualifier Alberto Martin, 6-2 6-2.
Los Angeles Lakers forward Lamar Odom has been suspended for one game for flagrantly fouling Ray Allen of the Boston Celtics, the league said Tuesday.
Odom threw himself into Allen, knocking him to the court, late in the fourth quarter of the Lakers's 110-91 loss to the visiting Celtics on Sunday.
An eight-year veteran who averages 14.1 points and nine rebounds a game, Odom will serve his suspension on Jan 4 when the Lakers host the Philadelphia 76ers.
Olympic 100 metres champion Justin Gatlin has been banned for four years for a 2006 positive test for testosterone, the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency said on Tuesday.
USADA general counsel Bill Bock said a three-member U.S. arbitration panel, in a 2-1 split decision, had banned Gatlin for four years.
The suspension through to May 24, 2010 could end the career of the 25-year-old Gatlin if he does not successfully appeal to the International Association of Athletics Federations or the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
The decision has not been released publicly.
The Washington Post reported on its Web site that two out of the three American Arbitration Association arbitrators had said they could not give less than a four-year ban because of a previous positive test.
A third dissented, the Post reported.
It took them five months to come to this? It's ridiculous, jeanette Gatlin said in a telephone interview from her Pensacola, Florida home.
I think everybody is blindsided by this opinion.
Gatlin, who has denied knowingly, taking performance-enhancing drugs, still hopes to compete again, his mother said.
There is no doubt about that, she said. We will be talking to his lawyer later today. 
Gatlin could not be reached for comment. His lawyer, John Collins, declined to comment.
Gatlin failed a drugs test in 2001 for a prescribed medication for Attention Deficit Disorder. He was reinstated by the International Association of Athletics Federations the following year.
The American won the 2004 Athens Olympic 100 metres title and completed a 100-200 double at the Helsinki world championships in 2005.
He won each of his five 100 metres competitions in 2006, including tying the then world record of 9.77 seconds in Doha and winning the U.S. title.
But after it was announced that Gatlin had returned a positive test for the male sex hormone testosterone at the 2006 Kansas Relays he was suspended while his case was referred to arbitration.
Defender Atsuto Uchida and Brazilian midfielder Danilo were on target as Kashima Antlers defeated Sanfrecce Hiroshima 2-0 to win the Emperor's Cup on Tuesday.
Uchida's clinical finish after eight minutes put Kashima in front and substitute Danilo added a late second as the Antlers completed a league and cup double and inflicted more heartbreak on Sanfreece just weeks after they were relegated to the second division.
The Emperor's Cup triumph was Kashima's first since they wrapped up an unprecedented domestic treble with a 3-2 win over Shimizu S-Pulse here in the 2000 season.
Kashima's opener came out of nothing, Uchida finding space to ram past Takashi Shimoda from a tight angle but a New Year's Day crowd of over 46,000 had little else to get excited about in a tepid first half at National Stadium.
Tomoaki Makino spurned a free header for Sanfrecce on 17 minutes and although Japan international Yuichi Komano caused Kashima plenty of problems on the right flank, he was unable to provide the telling pass in the final third.
Hiroshima started strongly in the second period but it was Kashima that twice went close to doubling their lead through Daiki Iwamasa and Yuzo Tashiro.
Motherwell midfielder Phil O'Donnell died from heart failure, the club said on Tuesday after a post-mortem.
The 35-year-old former Celtic player collapsed on the pitch during the Scottish Premier League match against Dundee United on Saturday and was pronounced dead at hospital having failed to regain consciousness.
The post-mortem revealed that Phil had suffered left ventricular failure of the heart, Motherwell club doctor Robert Liddle said on the club's Web site.
Several matches in Scotland have been postponed on Wednesday as a mark of respect for O'Donnell, including Motherwell's away game at Hibernian and the Old Firm match between Celtic and Rangers.
Tributes were also paid to O'Donnell before Tuesday's Premier League matches in England.
Jelena Jankovic suffered an injury scare ahead of this month's Australian Open when she was forced to retire from her singles match at the Hopman Cup on Wednesday because of injury.
The Serbian suffered the injury in the first game of her match with Tatiana Golovin of France, clutching the top of her right hamstring.
Jankovic received treatment from the physiotherapist after the first game and though she tried to play on, she was forced to withdraw midway through the second game.
If Jankovic is unable to play in the mixed doubles with Novak Djokovic, France will win the match and be favourites to reach Friday's final.
Both Serbia and France had won their opening matches of the eight-nation mixed team event.
The Australian Open begins in Melbourne on Jan. 14.
Russian number two Mikhail Youzhny overcame early season rust to beat unseeded Frenchman Edouard Roger-Vasselin 7-5 1-6 6-2 and reach the ATP Chennai Open third round on Wednesday.
Defending champion Xavier Malisse of Belgium continued his impressive comeback from a long injury layoff, upstaging Austrian Jurgen Melzer 7-6 6-2 to set up a third round clash with the Russian fourth seed.
Unseeded Malisse, whose dream start to 2007 turned sour following a serious wrist injury that left him ranked 112th in the world, showed his class to oust the sixth seed.
Former Spanish world number one Carlos Moya, twice a winner in Chennai, also went through after quelling an unexpected late challenge from Russian qualifier Alexandre Kudryavtsev.
The third seed won 6-3 6-7 6-2. Fourth seed Youzhny, the world number 19, made a sluggish start and had to dig deep in the first set after his 97th ranked French rival raced to 5-0.
The 25-year-old produced sublime tennis as he fought back, reeling off the next seven games and conceding just four points to his 24-year-old opponent.
Roger-Vesselin still raised hopes of only his second win over a top-20 player as Youzhny's game again tailed off in the second set, only for the Russian to restore order in the decider.
I'm still not 100 percent, he told reporters.
I'm trying to recover my best game but sometimes I'm not fast enough.
That is why my game is up and down.
Although I was not at the same level all match today, I'm happy I still showed my best game in the first week of the year.
Malisse, who was restricted to just five tournaments in 2007 after a fresh knee ligament injury late in the year, clinched a tight first set 7-3 in the tie-break.
He then wore down left-handed Melzer, the world number 60, in the second set as the Austrian made desperate forays to the net.
I'm very happy today, he said. I was more aggressive than the first match and served really well.
Top seed Nikolay Davydenko and third seed Andy Murray reached the quarter-finals of $1.5 million Qatar Open in contrasting style on Wednesday.
Davydenko, ranked fourth in the world, knocked out France's Fabrice Santoro with a regulation 6-3 6-3 scoreline to set up an all-Russian clash against Dmitry Tursunov on Thursday.
The eighth-seeded Tursunov got a walkover from Germany's Nicolas Keifer who pulled out of Wednesday's match because of a shoulder injury.
Murray, however, won a topsy-turvy match against former champion Rainer Schuettler of Germany 1-6 6-0 6-1.
Murray will take on Sweden's Thomas Johansson, a 6-3 7-5 winner over Michael Berrer of Germany, in the quarter-finals.
In other quarter-finals, defending champion and fourth seed Ivan Ljubicic of Croatia will meet sixth seed German Philipp Kohlschreiber while Switzerland's Stanislas Wawrinka will take on Argentine Augustin Calleri.
Ljubicic got a walkover from Serbia's Janko Tipsarevic, who pulled out with a fever, while Calleri continued his fine run with a 6-3 6-1 win over South Korean Hyung-Taik Lee.
Calleri upset second-seeded Spaniard Tommy Robredo in the first round.
Murray was a slow starter and Schuettler benefited from the Briton's erratic game in the opening set.
The German broke Murray in the second and sixth games to claim the set 6-1.
But world number 11 Murray broke the German three times in the second, fourth and sixth games.
In the decider too Murray gained an early upper hand with breaks in the second and sixth games and never looked back, wrapping up the set and match with a cross-court passing shot.
I am pleased with the way I hung in there and won.
I changed my style of play in the second and third sets.
I came to the net more and used the slice shots, Murray said.
Davydenko broke Santoro once in the first set and had two breaks in the second.
There are 250 points here and I would like to win the tournament, the Russian said.
Today, I was confident playing from the baseline.
I could control the game, he added.
South Korean boxer Choi Yo-sam, who suffered a brain haemorrhage during a title fight last week, died on Thursday after being taken off his life support machine, a hospital official said.
Choi's organs, including his heart, have been donated to six people in need, said a spokesman for Asan Medical Centre, the Seoul hospital which has been treating the boxer since he lapsed into a coma after his Dec. 25 title defence.
Choi, won the World Boxing Organisation intercontinental flyweight title on a unanimous decision over Heri Amol, but the Indonesian challenger dominated the 12th round, sending Choi to the canvas with a right to the jaw seconds before the final bell.
Choi staggered to his feet but collapsed shortly after the bout and was taken out of the gymnasium on a stretcher, He was declared brain dead on Wednesday.
Choi's death revived memories of a 1982 title bout in Las Vegas between lightweight champion Ray Boom Boom Mancini of the United States and South Korean Kim Duk-koo, who died from injuries sustained in the fight.
Late goals from Ernesto Chevanton and Frederic Kanoute gave holders Sevilla a place in the last 16 of the King's Cup on Wednesday with a 4-3 win over third division Denia.
The Andalucians, who were held 1-1 in the first leg, looked to be departing the Cup after they surrendered a two-goal lead to trail 3-2 against their modest opponents with eight minutes left on the clock.
But an 88th minute strike from Chevanton and a stoppage time penalty from Kanoute earned last season's UEFA Cup winners a place in the next round.
League leaders Real Madrid also left it late to seal their place in the next round, a superbly taken strike by midfielder Guti earning the Spanish champions a 2-1 win at home to third division Alicante.
Real, who scrambled a 1-1 draw in last month's first leg, took the lead when Dutch winger Arjen Robben cracked home on the half-volley to score his first goal for the club.
An ambitious Alicante refused to wilt, however, and equalised 20 minutes into the second half when striker Borja steered a near-post header low past keeper Jerzy Dudek.
With seconds of stoppage time left on the clock, the game looked certain to be heading for extra time but Guti took advantage as the Alicante defence dropped their guard and dinked a perfectly measured shot over the keeper and into the net.
Arch-rivals Barcelona went through despite being held to a 2-2 draw by third division Alcoyano at the Nou Camp.
Barca, who held a comfortable 3-0 advantage after the first leg, put the result of the tie beyond doubt when reserve forward Santiago Ezquerro struck twice in the first 11 minutes.
But a penalty from Perona and a last-minute goal from Arnau earned their modest opponents a rare draw at the Barca stadium.
Last year's losing finalists Getafe cruised into the last 16 after a 4-1 win at home to Burgos earned them an emphatic 5-1 victory on aggregate over their third division opponents. 
Real Mallorca scored four goals in 30 minutes to wipe out a two-goal first-leg deficit and turn the tables on fellow Primera Liga side Osasuna with a 4-0 win at Son Moix.
An extra-time strike from Raul Tamudo gave 2006 winners Espanyol a 3-2 aggregate win over Deportivo Coruna, while Valladolid edged a 4-3 aggregate victory over Real Murcia in the remaining all-first division clash.
Atletico Madrid, Villarreal, Valencia, Recreativo Huelva, Racing Santander, Real Betis and Athletic Bilbao all managed to see off opposition from the lower divisions.
The controversial Dakar rally gets underway on Saturday for its 30th edition with security and safety issues once again priority for organisers.
The first two stages will be held in Portugal before taking in Morocco, Mauritania and Senegal - Mali was excluded for security reasons.
In April two stages that were supposed to take place in the western African country were cancelled following recommendations from the country's Foreign Affairs Ministry.
There is still a certain amount of instability in this region and we feel it's very important to race in total security, said Etienne Lavigne, the French director of the event.
Mali's absence bodes well for Mauritania which will host a rest day on January 13 at its capital Nouackchott.
However Mauritania is not without its risks either.
Organisers only gave the green light last week to proceed as planned through the African state despite security fears prompted by recent Al-Qaeda linked attacks.
Mauritania has announced that it would mobilise 2,000 soldiers and 2,000 plainclothes police to monitor the rally as it passes through the country between January 11 and January 19.
We are going ahead with the Mauritanian stages of the rally.
It now seems that the security situation is back on track, Lavigne told AFP.
There is nothing to fear, every precaution has been put in place, added Interior Minister Yall Zakaria.
Zakaria said he told the rally inspectors that all necessary measures have been taken by the government to ensure that the event's passage through Mauritania takes place in the best possible conditions.
But whatever safety precautions are taken by officials the rally's death toll steadimph and win his third title in four years in the bike category.
However Peterhansel and Despres will have stiff competition which includes former two-time world rally champion Carlos Sainz and 2006 bike winner Marc Coma.
Spaniard Coma crashed out of last year's Dakar which he had dominated up to that moment.
will be looking to make amends for that error while compatriot Sainz admitted that he was confident it would be a case of third-time lucky in the Dakar Rally.
The 45-year-old believes that the stages in Mauritania - from January 11-19 - hold the key to a Dakar triumph.
Victory will be played out during these stages, said Sainz, who will be behind the wheel of a Volkswagen Touareg.
It's all to play for, said Sainz, who conceded that he has less experience than Peterhansel, winner last year for Mistubishi.
Sainz, the world rally champion in 1990 and 1992, won five stages of last year's Dakar Rally, but finished ninth after mechanical problems.
For me the important thing isn't winning stages but winning the Dakar, that's why I've been preparing for this all year, the Spaniard added.
The 2008 edition of the rally will set a benchmark for the number of vehicles registered with around 272 motorbikes, 214 cars, 102 trucks and 20 quads, with around 50 nationalities represented.
The Detroit Pistons turned in another dominating performance with a 106-93 win over the Washington Wizards on Wednesday, their 10th victory in a row.
Detroit held a comfortable lead for the entire second half and had seven players in double figures to extend their longest winning streak since an 11-game run two years ago.
Whenever you get in a situation like we're in now, it's because you take it one game at a time, Detroit coach Flip Saunders told reporters.
We've been on some runs, so it's not like they are uncommon.
The Pistons, who have an average recent victory margin of 16.8 points, were never threatened by the Wizards, who have not beaten a team with a winning record in over a month.
The first quarter I thought went pretty well and we didn't do much after that, Washington coach Eddie Jordan said.
There was probably one skirmish there where we played pretty well, got the lead down, but it was disappointing how we responded to one of the best teams in the league.
Detroit used a late 10-0 surge to take a 57-47 lead at the half and did not allow the Wizards to get any closer, shooting 49 percent from the field and making 11 of 22 three-point attempts.
Richard Hamilton led the Pistons in scoring for the sixth straight game with 20 points, moving him up to 10th place on the franchise scoring list.
He also had nine assists and seven rebounds.
Chauncey Billups and Rasheed Wallace added 16 points each for Detroit, and Jason Maxiell contributed 15 points off the bench.
Caron Butler had 22 points, seven rebounds and six assists for the Wizards, while Antawn Jamison had 21.
The Boston Celtics beat the Houston Rockets 97-93, winning their seventh straight game and improving to 27-3.
The Dallas Mavericks beat the Golden State Warriors for the second time this season as Dirk Nowitzki had 29 points, eight rebounds and six assists in a 121-99 win.
Golden State stunned Dallas in last year's playoffs.
LeBron James scored 36 points, 32 in the second half, as the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Atlanta Hawks 98-94.
The Milwaukee Bucks snapped a four-game losing streak with a 103-98 win over the Miami Heat.
The New Jersey Nets snapped the Orlando Magic's four-game winning streak, rallying for a 96-95 win.
The Chicago Bulls won for the third time in four games under interim coach Jim Boylan, downing the Charlotte Bobcats 109-97.
The New York Knicks lost their fifth straight game, going down 107-97 to the Sacramento Kings for whom John Salmons scored a career-high 32 points.
An injury-time goal from Real Zaragoza striker Sergio Garcia earned his side a heart-stopping 3-2 aggregate victory at home to third division Pontevedra in the King's Cup on Thursday.
Zaragoza, who lost the first leg 1-0, looked to be heading out of the Cup when striker Igor de Souza put Pontevedra ahead from the penalty spot in the 18th minute.
Needing to score three goals to make it through to the next round, Zaragoza piled forward into attack, but did not manage to level the game until Diego Milito scored from the spot eight minutes into the second half.
They were given further hope when Ricardo Oliveira lashed home with 17 minutes to go, but Pontevedra looked as though they would hold out and win through on the away goals rule until Garcia headed home a rebound deep into stoppage time to make it 3-1 on the night.
Zaragoza's win was soured by the last-minute sending off of Milito who will miss Sunday's league match against Real Madrid at the Bernabeu.
Victor Fernandez's side will be joined in the next round by 15 other Primera Liga sides including basement outfit Levante who claimed an equally dramatic victory over Almeria in Thursday's other tie.
Trailing 2-1 after the first leg, Almeria looked to have secured a place in the last 16 when Ruben Pulido headed in from a corner three minutes into added time.
But Levante defender Alvaro cut short the home side's celebrations when he drilled home from the edge of the area with the last kick of the game to earn his side a 1-1 draw on the
night and a 3-2 win on aggregate Holders Sevilla, last season's losing finalists Getafe, Real Madrid and Barcelona were among the sides to secure their places in the last 16 on Wednesday.
Britain's Andy Murray overcame a sluggish start before sweeping past Sweden's Thomas Johansson to claim a place in the semi-finals of the $1.5 million Qatar Open on Thursday.
Third seed Murray, who will meet either top seed Nikolay Davydenko or eighth seed Dmitry Tursunov in the last four on Friday, beat the former Australian Open champion.
In the other semi-final, defending champion Ivan Ljubicic of Croatia will meet Switzerland's Stanislas Wawrinka.
Fourth seed Ljubicic overcame a spirited challenge from sixth-seeded Philipp Kohlschreiber of Germany in two hours and 16 minutes, while Wawrinka ended the run of Argentine Agustin Calleri in just over an hour.
The 20-year-old Murray, who lost the opening set to Rainer Schuettler on Wednesday, had another slow start against the Swede, who won the Melbourne Park grand slam event in 2002.
Johansson, who won the only previous meeting between the two at Queen's Club in 2005, matched Murray from the baseline in the opening set.
The Swede saved break points on his serve in two games before forcing the tie-break, but the Scot reeled off three points from 4-4 to wrap up the opener before speeding through the second to win in an hour and 28 minutes.
He served really well in the opening set.
Obviously, he won a high percentage of points on his first serve.
I expected it to be tough and it was that way, Murray told reporters after the match.
I was more aggressive in the second set.
I was also more confident.
When he served I was aggressive in my returns.
After that early break, I had the momentum and I saw his head go down, he added.
The Chennai Open is proving to be graveyard for seeded players as fifth seeded Nicolas Mahut of France and eighth seeded Werner Eschauer crashed out of the championship.
Nothing went right for Mahut, who went down to Croat Marin Cilic 6-2, 6-4 in 76 minutes.
Cilic awaits the winner of unseeded Robin Haase Netherland versus qualifier Lovro Zovko scheduled for later Thursday night in the quarterfinal.
Haase had put paid to the aspirations of second seeded Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus 6-3, 6-4 in the first round.
In a gruelling 152 minutes encounter, Spaniard Guillermo Garcia Lopez came from behind to scalp Eschauer at to progress to the quarterfinals where he meets compatriot and top seed Rafel Nadal who defeated Indian-American Rajeev Ram in 65 minutes.
In the 13-year tournament history, seven out of eight seeds bit the dust in the 2001 event and in 2005 six seeded stars excepting the top seeds, Carlos Moya and Paradorn Srichaphan were ousted.
This year, five seeds were sent packing home by unseeded players.
I had some troubles early in the second set but I adjusted my game to break Mahut in the fifth game.
Mahut was playing at his best but for me a victory is a victory and it does not matter whether it was an easy or a tough match.
Cilic had qualified for six ATP tour events last season and had twice beaten Nikolay Davydenko, a top ten player.
China's Zhang Yining, the reigning Olympic champion, has qualified for the Beijing Games despite losing her number one table tennis ranking for the first time in five years.
The top five women in the rankings released on Thursday by the sport's ruling body were all Chinese and so were the top four men, but only the top two gain automatic qualification.
Guo Yue, the 19-year-old new number one, is the other automatic Chinese qualifier in the women's singles.
Wang Hao and Ma Lin qualify directly from the men's rankings, meaning Wang Liqin, the reigning world champion, must try to take the third and last Chinese spot at the Olympics via the Asian qualifying event.
The surprise men's singles gold medallist from the 2004 Games, Ryu Seung Min of South Korea, has qualified, ranked eighth in the world.
Timo Boll of Germany is the highest-ranked non-Chinese player at five.
The top 20 in January's rankings automatically qualify for the Beijing Games in August.
Because of the large number of Chinese in the rankings, Zoran Primorac of Croatia, ranked 23rd, has qualified for his sixth Games.
Two other players who have competed in every Games since table tennis was introduced to the Olympics in 1988, Sweden's Joergen Persson and Belgium's Jean-Michel Saive, are tied in the
final qualification position in the men's singles, They will stage a play-off for automatic qualification before the European qualifying tournament in April.
Lens' Ivory Coast international Kanga Akale has been loaned to French League rivals Marseille, both clubs confirmed on their website on Thursday.
According to a statement on the Mediterranean club's website Akale will soon be at Marseille for a medical, prior to signing.
The statement added: Of course, he will not be available for selection for Saturday's French Cup away tie at Beauvais.
Jose Anigo, Marseille's sporting director, also confirmed that the club's winter spending spree will effectively be over if Akale's deal goes through.
Once Akale passes his medical he will be loaned out for six months with the option to buy for an additional two years.
The 26-year-old striker arrived at Lens at the start of the season from Auxerre.
Lens are currently struggling this season in the relegation zone with 20 points from 18 games while Marseille have trouble finding their stride and are 11th in the league 14 points off leaders Lyon.
France has warned organisers of the Dakar rally against holding stages in Mauritania after four French tourists were killed there last month, government spokesman Laurent Wauquiez said on Thursday.
Three attackers, who authorities suspect are linked to al Qaeda, gunned down four French tourists and injured a fifth as they enjoyed a Christmas Eve picnic by the roadside in the south of the country, near the border with Senegal.
Gunmen killed three soldiers three days later in the remote and sparsely populated north of the country, bordering Algeria and Morocco's breakaway territory of Western Sahara.
France has since advised its citizens not to travel to Mauritania because the terrorist risk cannot be ruled out.
The Dakar, founded by the late Frenchman Thierry Sabine and organised by Amaury Sport Organisation, starts in Portugal on Saturday and is due to arrive in Mauritania on Jan. 11. Many of the competitors are French.
The organisers of the rally were informed of the risk assessment during a meeting at the Ministry for Foreign and European Affairs, government spokesman Laurent Wauquiez told a news conference.
The ministry strongly advises all French people against travelling to Mauritania until further notice.
That goes for all French people, as well as for the organisation of the Lisbon-Dakar rally, he added.
Organisers said in a statement on the Dakar Web site that they would be contacting the authorities for further information.
The organisers of the Dakar have taken into account the declarations of the French government recommending French citizens not to go to Mauritania on the occasion of the rally, they said.
In order to comprehend the situation, they will contact the French and Mauritanian governing authorities to get information on new elements that might have motivated this communication despite the insurances given the Mauritanian government.
Last month's separate attacks have shaken the peaceful West African country as it prepares to host part of the rally, which gives an annual boost to its nascent tourism industry.
A promise of 3,000 security personnel to ensure safe passage was enough for the rally's security chief, who has given the green light to its Mauritanian stages.
Stages originally due to be held last year in neighbouring Mali were cancelled after French security services cited a threat from Algerian rebels.
The French government can only reiterate, with the greatest firmness, the advice given to travellers by the Ministry for Foreign and European Affairs, Wauquiez said.
Ronaldinho, who came under fire after a poor performance in the recent 1-0 defeat against Real Madrid, also missed out on his side's King's Cup match against Alcoyano in midweek.
Striker Thierry Henry, who has not played since Nov. 24, is available after recovering from headaches that prevented him from training earlier in the week.
Real Zaragoza's leading striker Diego Milito will be able to play against Real Madrid at the Bernabeu after the Federation's Disciplinary Committee overturned his red card in the King's Cup victory over third division Pontevedra on Thursday.
Milito has scored nine league goals this season, although Zaragoza his team are currently on a seven-match winless streak.
Real Madrid winger Arjen Robben is hoping that scoring his first goal for the club since making his 36 million euro move from Chelsea will help him claim a regular place in the starting line-up after missing much of the first part of the season because of injury.
I feel in good shape after recovering from my last injury and I'm ready to play more, the Dutchman told sports daily AS after scoring in the Cup win over Alicante.
I need to play more and more and that's the only way I will become the sort of player I was before.
Sevilla president Jose Maria del Nido said Wednesday's scare in the King's Cup against third division Denia gave his team the perfect wake-up call before Sunday's city derby against Real Betis.
The lesson in humility that Denia gave us showed us that we will have to play from the first minute to the last on Sunday, said Del Nido.
Sevilla surrendered a 2-0 lead to trail 3-2 against Denia and needed an 88th-minute strike from Ernesto Chevanton and a stoppage time penalty from Frederic Kanoute to reach the last 16.
Betis have not beaten Sevilla in the league at the Sanchez Pizjuan for 11 years.
Villarreal's striker Nihat Kahveci will miss his side's league clash against fellow high fliers Espanyol because of a muscle tear in his right leg.
Scottish champions Celtic signed Germany defender Andreas Hinkel from Sevilla for an undisclosed fee on Friday.
I am delighted to sign for Celtic and am really looking forward to joining up with my new team mates, the 25-year-old Hinkel told the club's official Web site.
Having already played against Celtic in European competition I am well aware of the magnificent stadium and wonderfully passionate support which the club enjoys.
Hinkel, who has signed a three and a half year deal with Celtic, has played 17 times for his country but failed to establish himself in Spain after joining Sevilla from VfB Stuttgart in 2006.
Celtic cannot use Hinkel in next month's Champions League clash against Barcelona because he has already appeared twice in this season's competition.
Manager Gordon Strachan said he had been tracking the defender for some time.
We are sure he has all the qualities to be a great success, said Strachan.
World number two Rafael Nadal saved four match points to defeat Spanish compatriot Carlos Moya and reach the Chennai Open final on Saturday.
The 21-year-old French Open champion won 6-7 7-6 7-6 after former world number one Moya pushed him to the brink in a thrilling contest between two friends.
Nadal staved off four match points in the second set tiebreak and then rallied from a break down in the decider against the 31-year-old Moya, third seed and ranked 17 in the world.
He eventually clinched the final tiebreak 7-1 to end the marathon contest lasting almost four hours.
In Sunday's final, Nadal will continue his build up for this month's Australian Open when he faces Russian fourth seed Mikhail Youzhny, who brushed aside Croatian Marin Cilic 6-2 6-3 in the first semi-final.
It was one of the most emotional matches of my career, a relieved Nadal told reporters.
It was unbelievable.
It is great to get off to such a start.
It is very good to play in the final at the start of the season.
A dejected Moya said: I had many chances to win.
Against Nadal if you don't take advantage of them, you will lose.
Moya, winner in Chennai in 2004 and 2005, played inspired tennis as he was vociferously backed by an adoring crowd.
He troubled his fellow Mallorcan with deceptive shots, often pinning Nadal to his backhand with deep returns and clever net play.
Nadal, knocked out in the semi-finals last year, began well but Moya bounced back from a break down and saved two set points before clinching the first set tiebreak 7-3.
In the second set, Nadal broke Moya's serve to go 3-2 up and was serving for the set when the former French Open champion broke back in the 10th game to force the tiebreak.
Moya raced to a 6-3 lead to almost clinch the issue but Nadal produced a series of stunning rallies to frustrate Moya on the match points.
Nadal eventually closed the tiebreak 10-8, pumping his fists in celebration.
In the decider, Moya continued to play high quality shots and broke serve in the fifth game but was tiring and the persevering Nadal grabbed his chance to break back in the 10th game.
He then raced through the tiebreak 7-1, falling to the ground in relief and joy after Moya's return sailed long.
Briton Andy Murray enjoyed the perfect start to his season when he tamed Switzerland's Stanislas Wawrinka 6-4 4-6 6-2 to win the Qatar Open trophy on Saturday.
Third seed Murray captured the fourth title of his career after edging out Wawrinka with his more aggressive baseline tactics in a error-riddled contest.
The result handed Murray a timely boost ahead of the Australian Open which starts on Jan. 14.
It has been a really good week for me.
I had never won a tournament in the first week of the season.
It is great going into the Australian Open, Murray, who beat the Swiss for the first time in three meetings, told reporters.
Today the quality of tennis was high.
To start with I was nervous and I was not confident hitting the ball.
In the final set I played aggressive tennis.
Wawrinka set the tone for the match when he dropped his serve in the opening game In total, the first set featured five breaks before the 20-year-old Murray bagged the set.
Murray looked to be on course for a straight sets win but lost his focus following a controversial call and allowed the unseeded Wawrinka to draw level.
Following an early exchange of breaks in the decider, Wawrinka faded to hand Murray victory.
Despite the loss, Wawrinka was delighted to have reached the final after falling in the first round in his three previous appearances.
He has been playing well last year and this year he is looking better, said the 22-year-old Wawrinka.
Overall I am happy with the week, having reached the final.
I am focused on reaching the top 20 this year.
Murray took home $171,000 while Wawrinka got $92,400.
Goals from centre back Rafael Marquez and striker Samuel Eto'o gave Barcelona their third away win of the season when they beat Real Mallorca 2-0 in the Primera Liga on Saturday.
In the showdown of the third and fourth-placed teams, Espanyol won 3-0 at home to Villarreal to extend their unbeaten run to 14 matches.
Striker Raul Tamudo opened the scoring on nine minutes with a low shot.
Midfielder Valdo flicked in the second after Luis Garcia had hit the bar before Tamudo took his tally for the season to 10 by heading home a 36th-minute corner.
Real Madrid, who host an out-of-sorts Real Zaragoza on Sunday, lead the table on 41 points.
Barca are four points behind, one ahead of Espanyol and five in front of Villarreal.
Barca went into their game under heavy pressure, having lost 1-0 at home to arch-rivals Real Madrid in the final match of last year, and made a sluggish start against the islanders who were sharper for much of the first period.
Mallorca striker Daniel Guiza gave the visitors an early scare when he sent a shot skidding past the post while midfielder Angelos Basinas lashed the ball wide midway through the half.
The hosts continued to look dangerous at the start of the second period but Barca snatched the lead after 63 minutes when Marquez took advantage of slack marking to head a corner past keeper German Lux.
Substitute Thierry Henry, making his first appearance in over a month, went close to extending the lead before Eto'o sealed the win two minutes into added time.
The former Mallorca player blasted home a powerful long-range effort after good work by Bojan Krkic on the left.
Mallorca made it very difficult but it was an important win for us, Barca coach Frank Rijkaard told reporters.
In-form Ligue 1 side Caen fell prey to knockout specialists Sedan in the last 64 round of the French Cup on Saturday.
The second division team, who reached the final in 1999 and 2005, dominated the game throughout.
They opened the scoring in the 22nd minute, went 2-0 up on the half-hour and were leading 3-1 when Caen, who ended the first half of the Ligue 1 season in fourth place, scored their second two minutes from time.
Three other Ligue 1 clubs survived scares against lower division opposition.
Le Mans needed extra time to overcome amateur fifth division side Selongey, drawn from a town of 2,500 inhabitants in eastern France, who were level at 1-1 after 90 minutes but finally bowed out 3-2 after extra time.
Strasbourg only defeated amateur side Rouen 5-4 on a penalty shoot out, while Nice struggled until the 100th minute before sealing a 2-1 victory over Ligue 2 side Le Havre.
The only two all-Ligue 1 ties were won by both the home teams with AJ Auxerre defeating Saint-Etienne 3-2 after extra time and Lorient edging Valenciennes 2-1.
Olympique Marseille captain Lorik Cana and striker Djibril Cisse scored for their side in the 2-0 win over third division Beauvis, while Paris St Germain's Clement Chantome and Sylvain Armand put their side through with a 2-0 victory over fourth division Epinal.
The round of 64, when top flight sides enter the French Cup, continues on Sunday with Olympique Lyon launching their campaign at third-division Creteil and holders Sochaux playing away at sixth division Maubeuge.
Valencia have agreed to sign Argentine midfielder Ever Banega on a five and a half year deal from Boca Juniors, the Primera Liga team said on Saturday.
Boca announced on Thursday they had agreed to sell the highly-rated 19-year-old to Valencia for a fee of 18 million euros.
Banega, who had a medical on Saturday, is expected to fill the gap left by former Valencia captain David Albelda and out-of-favour Portugal international Manuel Fernandes.
Coach Ronald Koeman has told Albelda he will not play for the club again this season while Fernandes, dropped this week after being involved in an incident at a local nightclub, is expected to leave this month.
Valencia, without a win in five league matches, are seventh in the table.
Frenchman Michael Llodra won his second ATP Tour title on Sunday when he outplayed third seed Jarkko Nieminen of Finland 6-3 6-4 to win the Adelaide International.
Llodra, who only entered the main draw after his countryman Richard Gasquet pulled out on the eve of the event through injury, served and volleyed his way to victory in 76 minutes.
I came here 10 times and I lost my first final here, Llodra said in a courtside interview.
So it's great to win here Jarkko is a fantastic player, even if he didn't win today.
It has been a great week, and it's nice to play in such great weather.
It's terrible in Paris right now, so it's really nice to play here.
The title was the first for world number 93 Llodra since he won his maiden Tour event in 's-Hertogenbosch, Netherlands, in 2004.
Llodra, who did not lose his serve all week, raced out to a perfect start, breaking Nieminen in the second game on his way to a 3-0 lead.
The world number 27 Finn, who has now lost eight of his nine career finals, made little impression on Llodra's serve as the Frenchman took the first set in 34 minutes.
Another early break in the second set put Llodra in full command and he held his nerve to serve out for victory, clinching the title with a winning volley.
I'd like to congratulate Michael, Nieminen said.
He had a great week and really deserves to be the champion.
I had a great week not perfect, but still great.
It was really great to start the year like this.
China's former world championship bronze medallist Sun Yingjie, who is returning from a two-year doping ban, believes she may still be able to make August's Beijing Olympics.
The 28-year-old, who tested positive for the banned steroid androsterone at China's National Games in 2005, was 10th in the Xiamen International marathon on Saturday, her first outing since returning from suspension.
It was a good training for me to prepare for Olympic qualification, she told Monday's China Youth Daily.
I'm not sure but I will do my best.
Now I need to come back gradually.
If I can return to my best, I think I can take part in the Olympics.
I was really excited about taking part in this race because I had been away from a competitive atmosphere for such a long time, she added.
The four-times winner of the Beijing marathon is unlikely to qualify for the longest Olympic event but could still make the grade for the 10,000 or 5,000 metres.
Despite China's avowed determination to stamp out doping, the return of Sun is good news for a country which has few world-class track athletes and was unable to enter a single women in the 5,000 or 10,000 metres at last year's world championships.
Sun won the last of her four consecutive Beijing marathon titles on Oct.16, 2005 and the next day finished second in the 10,000 metres at the National Games in Nanjing.
One of her fellow athletes subsequently admitted to spiking Sun's drink to help her out. Although a local court cleared her of doping, the Chinese Olympic Committee handed her a statutory two-year ban.
Former world number one Gustavo Kuerten will make 2008 his personal farewell tour, stopping off at the tournaments he holds most dear, the O Estado de Sao Paulo newspaper said on Sunday.
The 31-year-old, who has seen his ranking collapse to 680 after three injury-ravaged years, hopes to crown his 12-year professional career with an emotional return to Roland Garros where he won three French Open titles.
I have a 99-percent chance of playing at Roland Garros this year, said Kuerten who would need a wildcard to take part in a tournament he won in 1997, 2000 and 2001.
I love Roland Garros.
It's where I have had the best performances of my career.
Kuerten will kick off his season on home ground in the Brazil Open on February 11 and then take part in the Miami Masters from March 27 before returning to Brazil for the Santa Catarina Open at Florianopolis from April 23.
He also wants to play the claycourt event in Stuttgart from July 7 in honour of his family who are of German origin.
I hope also to play in the Davis Cup.
I feel that I'm fit and if I am called-up, I will go.
Arsenal goalkeeper Jens Lehmann's future with the Premier League leaders is set to be decided within days, according to Gunners boss Arsene Wenger.
The temperamental German international made the most of a rare start in a season where he has spent much of the time behind Manuel Almunia to keep a clean sheet as Arsenal advanced into the fourth round of the FA Cup with a 2-0 win away to Championship side Burnley.
Lehmann has been linked with a transfer window return to Germany with Borussia Dortmund and his current manager admitted he was still uncertain over the veteran's future with the north London giants.
Wenger said: Lehmann gave a faultless performance and he performed in a 100 percent professional way.
Will he leave? My wish is that he stays, but we will know the outcome in the next few days.
The Frenchman added his side were given a scare by Burnley after goals from Eduardo and Nicklas Bendtner at Turf Moor secured Arsenal's place in Monday's fourth round draw.
Burnley, struggling to climb from their mid-table status in the second tier, gave Arsenal a severe test of their ability even after the 60th minute dismissal of midfielder Kyle Lafferty.
And Wenger conceded Burnley's performance was a surprise that could have turned out much worse for the 10-times FA Cup winners.
Burnley played well and they had a big moment when they missed early chance with the header that hit the bar, said the Gunners boss.
It would have played a big part in the game if it had gone in because, at 1-0 down against Burnley in the manner that they played, it would have been difficult for us.
Even when we took our chance, Burnley pushed again and we missed another chance, but they deserve credit for the way that they played.
They gave everything, they played at a high pace and they played in a fair way.
I'm surprised that they are where they are in the Championship.
That division must be a tough league and I think we are much better off in the Premier League!
But it was a good test for the young players.
What surprised me was the way that Burnley threw players forward and really tried to take the game to us.
I have a squad and I am not scared to use it, though, even in the Premiership.
At Everton last week, I used Eduardo and Bendtner, but we also had Toure, Lehmann and Eboue here.
They are all top Premiership players, so there would have been no excuses.
Defeat leaves Burnley to concentrate solely on securing a play-off spot in the Championship, but manager Owen Coyle admitted he was heartened by Wenger's praise for his team.
Arsene Wenger came up to me after the game and he said that 'We got lucky,' so I take that as a compliment.
There is no doubting Arsenal's quality, but we missed a big chance early in the game and, once we had Kyle sent off, ten men against Arsenal's eleven was always going to be very difficult.
LeBron James scored a team record 24 of his 39 points in the fourth quarter to lead a Cleveland Cavaliers rally for a 93-90 road victory over the Toronto Raptors on Sunday.
I just felt like I was out there by myself like in practice, James told reporters.
James connected on eight of 10 field-goal attempts in the quarter as the Cavaliers rallied from a 70-57 deficit after three quarters, outscoring the Raptors 36-20.
LeBron in the fourth quarter was amazing, Cavaliers coach Mike Brown told reporters.
James hit three three-pointers in the quarter, including back-to-back shots that took Cleveland from an 80-78 deficit to an 84-80 advantage with 3:21 to play.
His running jump shot gave the Cavaliers the lead for good at 86-84 after Toronto had tied the score with 2:09 to go.
I was able to control the tempo in the fourth quarter with my penetration, getting into the lane and kicking out for threes, James added.
He had made only six of 19 shots in the first three quarters.
Chris Bosh scored 23 points for the Raptors who led by 20 points in the second quarter.
The Cleveland comeback was the largest ever by a Raptors opponent in Toronto.
Pau Gasol's 28 points and 13 rebounds led the Memphis Grizzlies to a 101-94 home win over the Miami Heat, who lost for the seventh consecutive game.
Tony Parker scored 26 points and Tim Duncan contributed 17 points and 17 rebounds in the San Antonio Spurs' 88-82 road win over the Los Angeles Clippers.
Manu Ginobili returned from a finger injury to add 23 points for the Spurs.
Allen Iverson's 38 points powered the Denver Nuggets to a 109-96 home victory over Iverson's former team, the Philadelphia 76ers.
Kobe Bryant had 26 points and Andrew Bynum added 23 points and 13 assists in the Los Angeles Lakers' 112-96 home win over the Indiana Pacers.
Caron Butler's 33 points led the Washington Wizards to a 108-86 rout of the Seattle SuperSonics.
England striker Jermain Defoe wants to remain at Tottenham Hotspur despite being told by manager Juande Ramos he can quit the English Premier League club.
The manager has said I can leave if I want but I want to prove him wrong, Defoe told the Sun newspaper on Tuesday.
I want to stay here.
He just said, 'You can leave if you want to'.
Yet I have no intentions of leaving this club because I love it here.
The 25-year-old Defoe, one of four top strikers at Spurs including Robbie Keane, Dimitar Berbatov and Darren Bent, has been unable to claim a regular place in the starting lineup in the last year and a half.
The former West Ham United forward said he could not sign a new, long-term contract with the club unless Ramos started playing him regularly.
How can I be expected to stay for the next few years if I am going to be on the bench all the time? , said Defoe.
I don't think any player would accept that.
Slovak international defender Martin Skrtel is set to join English Premier League side Liverpool, his agent Viktor Kolar claimed on Monday.
The transfer is imminent, Kolar told the daily newspaper Sport.
Skrtel currently plays for Russian champions Zenit Saint-Petersburg.
The newspaper reported that the 23-year-old's transfer would be in the region of 10 million euros, adding that he could be in Merseyside by the end of the week.
English Premier league side Bolton announced Monday they have rejected a bid from Chelsea for their French striker Nicolas Anelka.
Chelsea confirmed they had made a move for the 28-year-old, who signed a four-year contract with Bolton earlier this season, but insisted negotiations were ongoing and they were still hopeful of landing the player.
We can confirm we have made an official offer for the transfer of Nicolas Anelka, which is being discussed with Bolton Wanderers, read a statement on Chelsea's website.
Chelsea's bid was not disclosed but according to sources close to Bolton the club have fixed a price tag on the mercurial Frenchman at 17 millions euros.
The Londoners are eager to bring in a top-level scorer to cover for Didier Drogba who will play for the Ivory Coast in the African Nations Cup later this month and the injured Andriy Shevchenko.
And Anelka seems to fit the bill for Avram Grant's side having scored 11 goals despite his side struggling in the first half of the new campaign.
Anelka joined Bolton in 2006 but despite signing a new contract this season the forward has made his interest in joining a bigger club known.
Anelka has a reputation for not becoming too attached to clubs having also played for Manchester City, Liverpool, Real Madrid, Arsenal, Paris Saint Germain and Turkish club Fenerbahce during his colourful career.
The controversial striker has also had a strained relationship with several France national coaches, notably Jacques Santini and Roger Lemerre.
Premier League Portsmouth have signed teenage striker Danijel Subotic from Swiss side Basel, the club said on Monday.
The 18-year-old signed a three-and-a-half year contract with Portsmouth who will pay Basel an undisclosed fee.
He was recommended to us so we brought him over for a few days' training and he did well, Portsmouth manager Harry Redknapp said on the club's Web site.
We've taken a gamble on him and hopefully he's one for the future.
We'll see how he goes.
Portsmouth have been particularly hard hit by the African Nations Cup with four first-team regulars departing for the tournament in Ghana, which starts on Jan. 20, and Redknapp is busy scouring the market.
We need to get three or four in to help during the games that the African players will miss but it's not easy to find them, he said.
Australian Open finalist Marcos Baghdatis has replaced an ill Roger Federer in the draw at the Kooyong Classic, organisers said on Tuesday.
Federer withdrew from the eight-man invitational event on Monday with a stomach virus, though he said he expected to resume training later this week as he finalised preparations for next week's Australian Open, the season's opening grand slam.
Baghdatis lost in four sets to Federer in the 2006 Australian Open final and despite losing in the first round of the Chennai Open last week, he said making the final of the doubles with France's Marc Gicquel had at least given him some match practice.
I didn't play too well in Chennai last week though I played good in the doubles, Baghdatis told a news conference.
I had some matches okay, he added, laughing.
No, I'm feeling really good and I'm looking forward to playing some matches with the guys and having some fun and getting ready for the Open.
The tournament, which is celebrating its 20th anniversary in 2008, guarantees players three matches against a field stacked with top-10 players before the Australian Open.
The big thing here is that you want to get through matches here against this type of field, said 2007 champion Andy Roddick.
That's great preparation for next week and that's what the main thing is.
World number four Nikolay Davydenko, who has replaced Tommy Haas in the tournament, will meet Baghdatis in Wednesday's first match and be followed by Roddick against Croatia's Ivan Ljubicic.
We have played a few times and know each other pretty well.
I think there will be a lot of long rallies, kick serves and staying back five metres behind the baseline, Ljubicic said when asked about the style of match between the two.
No, of course it will be a powerful game, the world number 19 added with a smile in reference to Roddick's booming serve.
I hope I can play well this week and when we get to Melbourne Park I will be in peak form.
Chile's Fernando Gonzalez meets Argentine David Nalbandian and Britain's Andy Murray plays Russian Marat Safin in Wednesday's other matches.
Manchester United hung on to top spot in the Premier League with late goals from Wayne Rooney and Cristiano Ronaldo sealing a 2-0 victory at Reading on Saturday.
United failed to put any daylight between themselves and Arsenal, however, with Togo striker Emmanuel Adebayor scoring twice as the Gunners returned to form with a 3-0 rout of Fulham at Craven Cottage.
Third-placed Chelsea rode their luck to beat Birmingham City 1-0 away thanks to Claudio Pizarro's late header.
They stay four points behind the top two who have 54 points from 23 matches.
There is a yawning gap to fourth-placed Liverpool who are facing a stiff battle for fourth spot with Everton, Aston Villa and Manchester City.
All four clubs are on 39 points.
Liverpool, who have only played 21 matches, are at Villa on Monday, while Everton travel to Wigan Athletic on Sunday when Manchester City host West Ham United.
Kevin Keegan's homecoming party went flat when Newcastle United were held 0-0 by Bolton Wanderers in a torrid encounter at St James' Park.
The stadium was rocking but in reality Bolton were very disciplined and we weren't good enough to break them down, Keegan, back for a second stint in charge, told Setanta Sport.
While the top three all won, the bottom three all lost.
Fulham are five points from safety while bottom club Derby County are 13 adrift after Portsmouth's Benjani Mwaruwari scored a hat-trick in Portsmouth's 3-1 victory.
Sunderland stay in the bottom three on goal difference after a 2-0 loss at Tottenham Hotspur, for whom Robbie Keane scored his 100th goal.
Middlesbrough drew 1-1 at Blackburn Rovers.
United, stifled by Reading in a 0-0 draw at Old Trafford on the opening day of the season, took the lead with 15 minutes remaining when Rooney produced a cool finish after an instinctive pass by Carlos Tevez.
Ronaldo, the country's top scorer, broke away in stoppage time to take his league tally to 17.
We kept making chances but you start to worry if you are going to get the goal, United manager Alex Ferguson told Sky Sports News.
We got the goal at the right time and hung on.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was a happy man after his side outclassed Fulham.
Two textbook headers from Adebayor and a Tomas Rosicky volley underlined their superiority.
This was a very strong response to our last game and shows that this team is up for it, Wenger, whose side were held by Birmingham last week, told the BBC.
Pizarro earned Chelsea a gritty victory with his first league goal since the opening day, also against Birmingham and, despite not playing well, they are still very much in the title race.
At this stage of the season it was very important to win. 
We knew it would be a very difficult game because they drew against Arsenal last week, manager Avram Grant told the BBC.
Villarreal moved up to third spot in the Primera Liga and heaped the pressure on beleaguered Valencia when they crushed their regional rivals 3-0 at the Madrigal on Saturday.
A superbly-crafted opener from midfielder Robert Pires, a Joan Capdevila tap-in and a classy strike from the outstanding Nihat Kahveci completed an emphatic victory for home side.
For Ronaldo Koeman's Valencia, defeat meant they have now gone eight games without a win and have taken just three points from a possible 24.
Earlier, Sevilla missed their chance to climb the table when they continued their miserable run away from home, slumping to a last-gasp 3-2 defeat at Getafe.
The Andalucians, who have just one win on the road in the league, started brightly and took the lead after 16 minutes when leading striker Luis Fabiano got his 13th of the season with a close-range header.
But former Sevilla midfielder Francisco Javier Casquero put Getafe back on level terms with a fabulous first-time shot into the top corner from the edge of the area.
Getafe went in front just before the hour mark, Uruguayan midfielder Juan Albin stealing behind Sevilla fullback Ivica Dragutinovic to score with a diving header.
Dragutinovic seemed to have atoned for his error when he headed in from a corner a minute from time but the celebrations were cut short when substitute Cosmin Contra nodded home deep into stoppage time.
The win lifted Michael Laudrup's Getafe side four points clear of the relegation zone, and just two behind Sevilla who remain eighth in the standings.
Villarreal's former Arsenal player Pires said earlier this week he was concerned about his lack of form but the Frenchman put his worries behind him when he curled a superb shot inside the far post after a great run down the left.
The electric Nihat hit the woodwork twice and was denied by a great fingertip save from Timo Hildebrand before Capdevila made it 2-0 when he stabbed in after a corner.
The Turkish striker capped a brilliant performance when he chipped in over the keeper after Giuseppe Rossi had raced clear into the Valencia area.
Girondins Bordeaux moved up to second place in Ligue 1 on Saturday after a 2-1 win at Le Mans despite playing with 10 men for the entire second half.
The win put them on 39 points from 21 matches, three behind leaders Olympique Lyon who visit struggling Racing Lens on Sunday.
Third-placed Nancy, on 36, travel to sixth-placed Nice on Sunday.
Bordeaux made a perfect start, scoring two goals in 22 minutes through Argentine striker Fernando Cavenaghi and Brazilian midfielder Fernando.
Le Mans got back into the game when 22-year-old midfielder Martin Douillard scored in the 35th minute and were further boosted when Bordeaux defender Franck Jurietti was handed a straight red for slapping Douillard's face.
Le Mans lost their numerical advantage 15 minutes from time when Gregory Cerdan was sent off for bringing down Brazilian midfielder Geraldo Wendel.
Two goals by Djibril Cisse helped Olympique Marseille to a 3-1 home win over Valenciennes, who slipped to fifth in the table.
Cisse opened the scoring in the 27th minute with a well-struck shot and made it three 15 minutes from time after Julien Rodriguez headed home a Bruno Cheyrou corner in the 51st minute.
The win lifted Marseille to 10th. 
Caen moved up to fourth after a 1-1 draw at Toulouse, while an own goal by Gregory Bourillon put the brakes on Paris St Germain's recent recovery of form as they lost 1-0 at Lorient.
The 23-year-old defender deflected a cross from Rafi Saifi in the 20th minute.
PSG, who ended the first half of the season 16th in the 20-team league, just two points clear of the drop zone, were on a run of four wins in all competitions.
They recorded their first home Ligue 1 win last weekend and qualified on Wednesday for the French League Cup semi-finals.
A return to an aggressive game plan and a run of good results had helped Juan Carlos Ferrero recapture his best form in dumping David Nalbandian out of the Australian Open, the Spaniard said on Sunday.
The former world number one blasted the 10th-seed off the court 6-1 6-2 6-3 in their third round clash, capitalising on six of his 10 break opportunities, chasing down everything Nalbandian returned and producing an outstanding service game.
Right now, I'm trying to go to the court and be very aggressive all the time, be more aggressive than maybe the other guy, Ferrero told reporters after the one hour 44 minute match.
I was trying to be as aggressive as I was before when I was number one or reaching my best results that is giving me good results.
Nalbandian had suffered muscle spasms in his back the week prior to the tournament, and seemed unable to respond to anything the Spanish baseliner threw at him.
The match had been postponed from Saturday due to rain and the delay seemed to have hampered the Argentine, who followed women's second seed Svetlana Kuznetsova and sixth seed Anna Chakvetadze as third round casualties.
Ferrero added he had been particularly pleased with his serve and his ability to convert his break opportunities, though said it should not have been a surprise given his recent form.
I'm playing good tennis since, I don't know, two months, something like this, the 27-year-old said.
At the end of the last year I played good matches against top players.
I came playing well.
Ferrero made the final of the Auckland Open in New Zealand last week, losing to Germany's Philipp Kohlschreiber, which he said had given him confidence coming into the season's first grand slam.
When you play matches against the top players like today, you know, you want to make your best.
I think I did it very well. 
First half goals from Raul Gonzalez and Ruud van Nistelrooy gave Spanish league leaders Real Madrid a hard-earned 2-0 derby victory at neighbours Atletico Madrid on Sunday.
The Spanish giants now have 50 points from 20 games and retained their seven-point lead over rivals Barcelona who beat Racing Santander 1-0.
It wasn't spectacular but we did what was necessary.
We had to suffer for much of the game but in the end we had a winning formula, admitted Real coach Bernd Schuster.
What made me happy was that unlike on Wednesday we made the most of our chances.
We might only have had two in the first half but we scored two goals.
It wasn't a lucky victory.
In the second half, they didn't have a good chance to score and we almost got a third.
Raul got Real off to the best possible start by finding the net after just 32 seconds, with Atletico leaving him unmarked to side foot the ball into the net from two metres after Robinho had done the hard work down the left.
Atletico immediately went on the attack to try to get back on level terms and relentlessly kept the pressure on for the next 40 minutes.
However, against the run of play, Real added a second when van Nistelrooy got his 12th goal of the season four minutes before the break.
Atletico goalkeeper Christian Abbiati succeeded in getting a hand to the left foot effort but he could only push the ball onto the post and it rebounded into the net.
Atletico now lie in fourth place, 13 points off the lead, and have not won a derby clash with Real in front of their own fans since October 1999.
Henry can thank the luckless Racing defender Cesar Navas, who badly miscued his clearance following a Deco corner, for his sixth goal of the season and his team's three points.
The Frenchman was on hand to tap the spinning ball into the net from close range after Navas' slice ended up at his feet.
Barca looked unimpressive until Lionel Messi came on after 66 minutes for his first game in a month after recovering from a torn left thigh muscle.
The Argentine winger, who was second in the voting for the 2007 FIFA World Player of the Year last month, immediately added a bit of pace and bite to the Barca attack although they failed to add another goal.
Goals from Robert Pires, Joan Capdevila and Nihat Kahveci helped Villarreal to an emphatic 3-0 victory over local rivals Valencia on Saturday.
The win meant Villarreal move up to third while Valencia's winless streak, which began in November, has now gone to eight league games.
Espanyol's ambitions of moving up to third virtually vanished 7.3 seconds into their game at Valladolid on Sunday, when Joseba Llorente scored the second fastest goal in Spanish first division history.
Malaga's Dario Silva holds the record of the fastest goal in La Liga when he found the net after 7.2 seconds, ironically against Valladolid, on December 10, 2000.
Llorente got another after 33 minutes, to help Valladolid on their way to a 2-1 win over the Barcelona-based side.
Espanyol's Marc Torrejon got one back for the visitors after 58 minutes but they couldn't find an equaliser and remain fifth while Valladolid, after their fourth successive win, climb to seventh.
Turkey coach Fatih Terim announced a 27-man squad on Friday for the friendly against Sweden in Istanbul on Feb. 6.
Both sides have qualified for the 2008 Euro championship in Austria and Switzerland in June.
American Serena Williams has pulled out of the Paris Open women's tennis tournament starting on Monday
The former world number one, who won the event in 2003, will be replaced as the second seed in the draw by Slovakia's Daniela Hantuchova.
Two goals by Peruvian striker Wilmer Aguirre helped Ligue 1 bottom club Metz to a 3-0 win at Racing Strasbourg and a place in the French Cup last 16 on Friday.
Aguirre exploited a defensive blunder to open the scoring two minutes into the second half before doubling the advantage with a fine shot just past the hour mark.
Strasbourg goalkeeper Nicolas Puydebois saved a penalty by midfielder Laurent Agouazi with five minutes left but Metz finally got a third goal courtesy of Luxembourg midfielder Miralem Pjanic just before time.
Olympique Marseille host Monaco in the pick of the round of 32 action on Sunday.
Holders Sochaux could be tested on Saturday when they host second division Montpellier.
Ligue 1 leaders Olympique Lyon, dreaming of their first league and Cup double, have little to fear from their visit to fourth division Croix-de-Savoie on Sunday.
Swedish tennis player Joachim Johansson, who once reached number nine in the world, announced his retirement on Friday at the age of 25 because of a long-standing shoulder injury.
I can practice for a few weeks and play an individual tournament but after that my shoulder gets overworked forcing me to rest for a longer period of time, said the Swede who has been dogged by injury for three years.
Taking that into account it is hard for me to reach my objectives and for that reason it makes it impossible for me to continue my challenge.
Johansson's shoulder problems started at the beginning of 2005 season, with 
the first of his three surgeries performed in July, 2005.
The 6ft 6in right-hander won three career singles titles and reached the semi-finals of the 2004 US Open, when he beat defending champion Andy Roddick before falling to Lleyton Hewitt.
The following year at the Australian Open, Johansson hit an ATP co-record of 51 aces in his four-set loss to Andre Agassi in the fourth round.
Americans Kevin Sutherland and Charles Warren remained atop the leaderboard here Friday after the completion of the darkness-halted first round of the six million-dollar US PGA FBR Open.
Warren and Sutherland each fired an opening-round six-under par 65 Thursday to share the lead by one stroke over Colombia's Camilo Villegas and Americans Brian Gay and Rich Beem.
Two dozen players were on the course when play was halted Thursday and returned early to finish their rounds Friday morning.
The most successful of those was American Michael Allen, who concluded an opening-round 67 to share sixth with compatriots Charles Howell, Tommy Armour, Bill Haas, Kenny Perry and Brandt Snedeker.
Australia's Robert Allenby and US veteran Chris DiMarco completed a group of 18 players on 68 that also includes South Korean K.J. Choi, South Africans Rory Sabbatini and Trevor Immelman, Britain's Brian Davis and world number two Phil Mickelson.
Japan's Shigeki Maruyama and Aussie Nick O'Hern finished rounds of 69 on Friday morning while Aussie Aaron Baddeley completed an opening round of 72 ahead of the round two start.
AC Milan have left defender Serginho out of their squad for the final stages of the Champions League to make room for 18-year-old Brazilian forward Pato, the European champions said on their Web site.
New signing Maniche and fellow midfielders Cesar and Pele are included in Inter Milan's squad at the expense of Santiago Solari and the injured Olivier Dacourt and Walter Samuel, the Serie A leaders said.
Winger Andy Reid and defender Joey O'Brien are ruled out of the line-up for Ireland's friendly against Brazil next week due to injuries, the Football Association of Ireland said.
Reid, who joined Sunderland on Thursday, has a knee injury and Bolton Wanderers's O'Brien has a hamstring problem.
Ireland caretaker manager Don Givens has drafted in Wolverhampton Wanderers duo Kevin Foley and Darren Potter as replacements.
John Carver, a former caretaker manager at Newcastle United and Leeds United has been named coach of Toronto FC.
Carver takes over from Mo Johnston, who becomes director of soccer operations, after Toronto finished their debut season last year with the worst record in Major League Soccer.
Ten-man Werder Bremen allowed Bayern Munich to open a three-point gap at the top of the Bundesliga after they were humbled 2-1 at struggling VfL Bochum on Sunday.
Bremen's Danish striker Daniel Jensen put the hosts ahead just before half-time, but Bochum fought back and equalised when forward Benjamin Auer's right-footed shot beat goalkeeper Tim Weise on 68 minutes.
Werder's Brazilian international defender Naldo was dismissed when he was shown a straight red card with twenty minutes left after a bad tackle on Bochum striker Stanislav Sestak.
And Bochum's Algerian international defender Anthar Yahia gave his side victory with a header on 84 minutes to put his side 11th in the league.
The result keeps Bremen second while Schalke 04 are up to fifth after their comfortable 4-1 win over VfB Stuttgart with Kevin Kuranyi and Heiko Westermann celebrating their call-ups for Germany's friendly against Austria next week with goals.
Kuranyi headed Schalke into a 32nd minute lead and made it 2-0 with a shot on 52 minutes, before picking up a yellow card as Stuttgart midfielder Antonio da Silva levelled the scores with a free-kick on 61 minutes.
But uncapped Westermann, who is expected to make his debut in Vienna on Wednesday, put his side into a 3-1 lead with a header on 76 minutes before Brazilian midfielder Ze Roberto scored on his debut with a goal in the 92nd minute.
On Saturday, Hamburg slipped back to fourth in the table as Bayer Leverkusen claimed third spot with late 3-2 win at Energie Cottbus with German striker Simon Rolfes converting a late penalty.
Bayern had to survive a fightback in Rostock on Friday before the German giants came away with a 2-1 win.
Bayern cruised into a 2-0 half-time lead courtesy of goals from Franck Ribery and Luca Toni.
But coach Ottmar Hitzfeld's side made a nervous start to the second-half as their defence leaked an early goal by Rostock's Enrico Kern.
A penalty by Hanover's Hungarian midfielder Szabolcs Huszti just before half-time gave his side the lead in Hamburg before Croatian striker Ivica Olic bagged his eighth league goal of the season as Hanover had Sergio Pinto dismissed late in the game.
There was a goal feast in Duisburg as the league's bottom side drew 3-3 win over mid-table Borussia Dortmund.
Nuremberg stay in the bottom three after their 2-0 defeat at Karlsruhe, who are sixth.
Hertha Berlin were humbled 3-0 at home to Eintracht Frankfurt as their 20-year-old Czech international striker Martin Fenin enjoyed a dream debut which leaves both sides in mid-table.
And Arminia Bielefeld were beaten 1-0 at home to VfL Wolfsburg to hang just above the relegation zone.
Veteran striker Alessandro Del Piero and in-form striker Antonio Cassano were the surprise ommissions from coach Roberto Donadoni's 20-man squad to face Portugal in a friendly in Zurich, Switzerland on Wednesday.
Del Piero has been in fine form for Juventus this season but he did not make the cut for the reduced squad for a Euro 2008 warm-up.
Cassano's fans have been clamouring for him to be included again, after more than a year in the international wilderness, but despite his goal-scoring feats at Sampdoria this season, he too failed to earn a call-up.
Ten-man Ghana came from behind to beat arch-rivals Nigeria 2-1 in the African Nations Cup quarter-finals on Sunday while Ivory Coast scored four times in the last 20 minutes to thump Guinea 5-0.
As the tournament continued to throw up goals and drama in equal measure, Junior Agogo scored an 82nd-minute winner for the hosts to stun the disappointing Super Eagles.
Salomon Kalou scored twice and his Chelsea team mate Didier Drogba also hit the target for Ivory Coast after they had toiled for 70 minutes against Guinea.
Ghana will face Cameroon or Tunisia in Thursday's semi-final in Accra while Ivory Coast will play Egypt or Angola in Kumasi.
Ghana's win sent thousands of fans out onto the streets of Accra to celebrate, some carrying replica coffins covered in the green and white of Nigeria.
It's a fantastic team effort, they are really 11 heroes, said Ghana coach Claude Le Roy, who criticised the second-half sending off of defender John Mensah for a professional foul on Peter Odemwingie.
John did not make a single mistake in the game and I have seen players not sent off for professional fouls much worse than that, he said.
Nigeria coach Berti Vogts, whose team managed only three goals and failed to reach the last four for the first time in five Nations Cup tournaments, said: We made one or two mistakes and that is not allowed in international football.
Yakubu Aiyegbeni and Ike Uche wasted good early changes for Nigeria while Ghana's Asamoah Gyan blasted a powerful drive against the post after a stunning piece of control.
Nigeria went ahead in the 35th minute when Yakubu was pulled down by Eric Addo with a rugby-style tackle.
He took the penalty himself and made no mistake as he scored into the bottom left-hand corner.
Michael Essien headed Ghana level in first-half injury-time, the ball hitting the inside of the post and trickling in, but the game swung back in Nigeria's favour when Mensah was dismissed for tripping goalbound Odemwingie on the hour.
However, Nigeria never made the advantage count and with eight minutes left, Agogo, who plays for Nottingham Forest in the English third division, tapped in from close range after Sulley Muntari had squeezed a pass through the Nigeria defence.
In Sekondi, Abdelkader Keita gave Ivory Coast a 25th minute lead when he pounced on a defensive mistake to score with a shot which slipped between out-of-position goalkeeper Kemoko Camara and the near post.
The Olympique Lyon player celebrated with a double somersault and by aggressively kicking over a giant inflatable soft drinks can.
Camara, currently club-less, atoned with world class saves to deny Drogba and Aruna Dindane before halftime.
Guinea dominated the opening of the second half but capitulated after Drogba scored a clinically taken second in the 70th minute.
Kalou added two more, the first from Drogba's pass,and Bakary Kone fired in the fifth.
Aston Villa lost ground in the race for a Champions League place as they were beaten 2-1 at Fulham on Sunday.
Newcastle United scored their first goal under Kevin Keegan, but they had to settle for a point as they drew 1-1 with north-east rivals Middlesbrough.
Villa, who began the day three points behind fourth-placed Everton, looked on course for victory when Aaron Hughes scored an own goal on 69 minutes.
Simon Davies levelled for Fulham four minutes later and Jimmy Bullard curled in a superb free-kick four minutes from the end to improve Fulham's chances of avoiding relegation.
At St James's Park, Michael Owen put Newcastle ahead with a header from Emre's free-kick on the hour mark.
But Robert Huth scored a late equalizer to earn Middlesbrough a share of the points.
We never dominated but looked the most likely to create chances,Newcastle manager Keegan said.
In the last 10-15 minutes it turned into a real derby match and I think we deserved the three points.
I think Middlesbrough were fortunate with their goal, Huth was offside, but when you're in a bad run you do not get those kind of decisions.
Fifth division outfit Carquefou produced the shock of the French Cup in knocking out first division high-fliers Nancy on Sunday, while league leaders Lyon just avoided a similar fate with a narrow win over a fourth division side.
After a goalless 90 minutes at Carquefou the match came to life in extra-time when, instead of Nancy's superior fitness proving decisive, their hosts from a small town in Brittany, northwestern France, shocked them by first taking the lead, then going back in front after the professionals had levelled.
Laurent Delanoe opened the scoring after 101 minutes of hard-fought action which had seen Nancy look nothing like the side standing third in the French table and dreaming of possible participation in the Champions League next season.
They emerged from their slumber briefly when Marc-Antoine Fortune levelled inside four minutes with a fortiutous lob, just before the end of the first period of extra-time.
But if the first division side thought they had earned at least a replay Sebastien Le Paih had other ideas and netted the winner with three minutes to go at a Stade du Moulin-Bousseau packed with 3,000 fans.
It's a shock, said Carquefou coach Denis Renaud.
Nancy were being touted as a mountain to climb and we can hardly take in the fact we have beaten them.
It will take a few days to sink in.
Now we're just three matches away from the Stade de France.
Nancy coach Pablo Correa slammed his side.
I have to congratulate Carquefou.
They wanted it more than we did.
Lyon meanwhile thanked a goal ten minutes from time by Brazilian Fred as they edged out fourth division Croix de Savoie 1-0 while in the late game ten-times winners Marseille were meeting neighbours Monaco in the tie of the round.
On Saturday, Paris Saint Germain made it into the last 16 by ending the dreams of fifth division Le Poire-sur-Vie, 3-1 away, while holders Sochaux also advanced, on penalties, against Montpellier.
American JB Holmes had back-to-back birdies on the same hole just 30 minutes apart to edge Phil Mickelson in a playoff and capture his second FBR Open title in three years.
Holmes birdied the 18th hole to force a playoff then defeated Mickelson with by draining a seven-foot putt on the first hole of the playoff in the six-million dollar event.
Holmes also won this event in 2006 Asked to compare the two wins he said this one really tested his determination.
It is a little different, said Holmes, who shot a 71 Sunday to finish at 14-under 270.
I won the first time here and then everybody questioned why I couldn't win again.
This one is more redemption to prove everyone was wrong Holmes watched his seven-foot putt sail straight in then stepped forward and punched his right fist in the air.
He sank a 10-foot birdie putt on 18 in regulation to pull even with Mickelson who started the day four shots adrift of Holmes.
Real Madrid striker Ruud van Nistelrooy will be unable to play for the Netherlands in next week's friendly against Croatia because of an ankle injury, the Primera Liga side said on Sunday.
Dutchman, who is Real's leading scorer with 12 goals this season, suffered a blow to his right ankle in Saturday's 2-0 defeat against Almeria.
Real said Van Nistelrooy was on crutches and would not travel to hook up with the Dutch squad who play Croatia in Split on Wednesday.
Genoa striker Marco Borriello was handed his first Italy call-up on Sunday by coach Roberto Donadoni for Wednesday's friendly against Portugal in Zurich.
The 25-year-old has scored 12 goals in Serie A this season, including the penalty that gave his side a 2-1 win over Catania on Sunday.
Donadoni upset media predictions that he would recall in-form Juventus captain Alessandro Del Piero, who has not played for the world champions since his poor performance in a goalless Euro 2008 qualifier against France in September.
Antonio Cassano was also excluded from the 20-man squad, despite having shown some of the form that made him one of Italian soccer's brightest prospects since joining Sampdoria on loan from Real Madrid in the close season.
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon and defender Giorgio Chiellini, along with AC Milan midfielder Gennaro Gattuso, are unavailable because of injury.
American Levi Leipheimer launches his defence of the Tour of California title on Sunday as he and his Astana teammates try to rebound from the shock of their ban from the 2008 Tour de France.
Astana, including reigning Tour de France champion Alberto Contador, were Wednesday barred from competing in this year's race as a result of doping scandals over the past two years.
Leipheimer, who said Thursday he was shocked by the ban, vowed that he and his teammtes will continue to fight, with the eight-day California race offering a chance to show the mettle of the outfit handled by Johan Bruyneel.
The race starts with Sunday's prologue, an individual time trial in Palo Alto, California, just south of San Francisco.
It will conclude February 24 in Pasadena, just northeast of Los Angeles.
This year, the Quick Step team will include world road racing champion Paolo Bettini of Italy and Belgian Tom Boonen.
CSC's lineup includes German Jens Voigt, who was second last year, American Bobby Julich, Australian Stuart O'Grady, and world time trial champion Fabian Cancellara of Switzerland.
In 2007, Leipheimer, then riding for Discovery Channel, took the lead in the prologue and never relinquished it.
British fourth seed Andy Murray moved into semi-finals of the ATP tournament in Marseille following a win over Nicolas Mahut of France on Friday.
The world number 11 edged out his French opponent in just under an hour and a quarter.
The British number one will now meet another Frenchman as he awaits the winner of the clash between Gilles Simon and number eight seed Paul-Henri Mathieu.
Murray served up 14 aces, four more than his 26-year-old opponent.
The match went with serve in the first set before Mahut served to stay in the set at 5-4 before tying the match, and again at 6-5 when the Scot broke to win the set 7-5.
The 21-year-old Scot then won the ninth game to love and Mahut found himself serving to stay in the match.
Murray moved to 40-15 to claim two match points but the home favourite reeled off three points for game point before the Briton hauled him back to deuce.
However, Mahut went back ahead and levelled the game at 5-5 but Murray held serve to go 6-5 up.
A close-fought 12th game saw Mahut squander a chance to level at game point but he held his nerve to draw level at 6-6 and force a tie-break.
The Angers-born player won the first two points before Murray hit back for 4-2.
Mahut, though, hit back to level at 4-4 with his 10th ace of the game but Murray won the next two points to move to match point at 6-4.
Croatia's Mario Ancic, ranked 135th in the world but formerly a number seven, won against Robin Soderling of Sweden, by firing down 25 aces and moving into the semi-finals.
Ancic will meet the winner of the final quarter-final between sixth seed Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus and Russian third seed Mikhail Youzhny.
Chelsea captain John Terry has made a surprise early recovery from a fractured foot and is included in the squad for Saturday's FA Cup fifth round tie at home to League One Huddersfield Town.
He has surprised us all, maybe he is a bionic man, Chelsea coach Avram Grant said of the England defender on the Premier League club's Web site on Friday.
He heals very, very quickly and well and maybe he will be available for tomorrow.
We didn't decide about it yet but each injury depends on the person and he is very strong, not just mentally, also physically.
Grant believes Terry's return to the squad is a big boost at a key time ahead of Tuesday's Champions League first knockout round, first-leg tie at Olympiakos Piraeus and the League Cup final against Tottenham Hotspur at Wembley on Feb. 24.
He is a very, very important player.
I have been all over the world and I have not seen a captain like him, said Grant.
He is a big influence on the team and, for me, a captain is not just about talking, it is about being an example.
We miss him a lot on the pitch.
Terry, England captain under former manager Steve McClaren, has missed the chance to impress new England manager Fabio Capello after breaking his foot against Arsenal on Dec. 16.
On Sunday, Grant said he was unlikely to be fit for the League Cup final, adding.
I think it will be too soon I think he will be back in about three weeks.
Inter Milan took another huge step closer to the Italian title after extending their lead at the top of Serie A to 11 points on Saturday.
Luca Toni scored a second-half hat-trick to give Bayern Munich a 3-0 win away to Hanover 96 on Sunday, restoring their three-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga.
Bayern were struggling to make headway in heavy conditions before Toni produced a perfect strike on the turn for the opening goal in the 58th minute.
The Italian World Cup winner doubled the lead when he beat the offside trap again six minutes later and slipped a shot past Robert Enke.
Toni completed the hat-trick, and took his goals tally for the season to 13, when he headed over Enke on the rebound eight minutes from time.
Victory gave Bayern 43 points from 20 games.
Werder Bremen are second on 40 after winning 2-0 at home to Nuremberg on Saturday.
Hamburg SV moved up to third place on 37 points by winning 3-0 at home to Bochum in Sunday's other match.
Ivica Olic put them ahead five minutes before the break and a second-half double from David Jarolim made certain of Hamburg's first league win in 2008.
An own goal by Preston North End's Darren Carter four minutes into stoppage time gave Portsmouth a fortunate 1-0 away win in the fifth round of the FA Cup on Sunday.
Keeper Andy Lonergan missed Niko Kranjcar's last-ditch corner and the ball curled towards the far post where midfielder Carter kicked a desperate attempt at a clearance into the roof of the net.
England goalkeeper David James, the man of the match, saved a penalty on the hour to keep Portsmouth in the game against Preston, who are only one point above the Championship relegation zone.
James went to his right to parry Simon Whaley's spot kick after Sylvain Distin had brought down Billy Jones.
In the day's earlier match, Middlesbrough were held to a 0-0 draw at Championship side Sheffield United and will host the replay at the Riverside stadium on Feb. 26.
At Preston, the first real chance fell to Portsmouth but Lonergan tipped over Sulley Muntari's 36th-minute free kick.
However, Preston created the greater number of chances in the second half with James making a string of fine saves including a full-length dive to get to Neil Mellor's shot.
They really didn't deserve to lose that game but then that's football, Portsmouth manager Harry Redknapp said.
It was a good performance from Preston.
If they played like that every week they wouldn't be in a re legation battle, would
they Of James's penalty save, he added: You're quietly confident that he's going to save it.
You wouldn't want anybody else in the goal at that time.
Sheffield United dominated a tight match at Bramall Lane in which their former England striker James Beattie hit the post with a free kick in first-half stoppage time.
Boro striker Mido had a bicycle kick tipped over by United keeper Paddy Kenny near the hour and defender Emanuel Pogatetz's header was cleared off the line at the end.
Only four Premier League sides go into Monday's quarter-final draw, holders Chelsea and last year's finalists Manchester United both having won their ties on Saturday.
Phil Mickelson held off a strong challenge from playing partner Jeff Quinney to win the Northern Trust Open by two shots at Riviera Country Club on Sunday.
The world number two, who squandered an early three-stroke cushion to trail by one after the turn, recovered to clinch his 33rd PGA Tour title with a one-under-par 70.
Mickelson, beaten by fellow American Charles Howell III in a playoff at Riviera last year, piled up three birdies and two bogeys in sun-soaked conditions for a 12-under total of 272.
Quinney, a stroke behind Mickelson overnight, had to settle for second place after rolling in a 25-footer to birdie the last for a 71.
Britain's Luke Donald birdied the final two holes for a 68 to share third place at seven under with British Open champion Padraig Harrington.
This is pretty cool, a beaming Mickelson said in a greenside television interview after triumphing for the first time at Riviera.
I have wanted to win this for such a long time.
It was a tough fight today because Jeff played so well.
He gave a few back at the end but it was a good battle.
Switzerland's Fabian Cancellara, riding for CSC, Sunday won the prologue of the 2008 Tour of California, a 3.4km individual time trial on the streets of Palo Alto.
With a time of 3min 51.211sec, the world time-trial champion was more than four seconds ahead of Briton Bradley Wiggins, with American Tyler Farrar more than five seconds back.
Levi Leipheimer, winner of the prologue and the race title last year, was fourth.
Leipheimer, who rode for Discovery Channel last season, is riding this year for Astana, and he and his teammates hope to use the California race to shake off the disappointment of being banned from this year's Tour de France over doping scandals.
Monday's stage one will take the riders 156km from Santa Rosa to Sacramento. The race concludes on February 24 in Pasadena in suburban Los Angeles.
Five players were sent off in a Bogota derby match in which Millonarios beat La Equidad 2-1 with a last minute penalty to scrape their first win of Colombia's Apertura championship season.
Millonarios' Argentine coach Mario Vanermerak is renowned for bringing out the gritty qualities in his players but it was La Equidad who collected four of the red cards in Sunday's bad-tempered game.
Millonarios were a goal down at halftime and Gerardo Bedoya's equaliser for the home side looked suspiciously offside, with referee Adalberto Rincon's indecisive stance only making matters worse.
Millonarios' full-back Fernando Monroy was the first to be sent off, followed by dismissals for La Equidad players Jerson Cordoba and Roman Torres.
Rincon then awarded Millonarios a last-minute penalty following a foul on Roberto Carlos Cortes and the ensuing row resulted in La Equidad defender Jonathan Werpajosky and goalscorer Roberto Polo being sent off.
La Equidad coach Alexis Garcia was also dismissed.
Ricardo Ciciliano scored the winner from the spot to move Millonarios up to mid-table, with four points from three games.
Medellin and Santa Fe are joint leaders in the Apertura with a maximum nine points each and both teams collected away wins at the weekend.
Medellin edged out Cucuta by a single goal and Santa Fe collected a 2-1 win at Deportivo Pasto.
Holder Mikhail Youzhny made a shock first-round exit at the World Indoor Tournament on Monday, losing 7-6 6-4 to unseeded Serb Janko Tipsarevic.
The fourth-seeded Russian broke serve in the fifth game but Tipsarevic hit back to level before taking the tiebreak 7-3.
Youzhny, who routed world number two Rafael Nadal 6-0 6-1 in last month's Chennai Open final, also dropped his serve in the first game of the second set as his opponent took command from the baseline.
Although I've hardly played in recent weeks through illness I still felt the good vibes from Australian Open, Tipsarevic told reporters.
The Serb reached the third round of the grand slam event in Melbourne but had to pull out of the Davis Cup tie with Russia in Moscow earlier this month due to a stomach bug.
Physically it was tough today but mentally I stayed positive, said Tipsarevic.
Mikhail is an aggressive player and I had to prevent him taking control.
I just had to keep him moving.
Former world number one Juan Carlos Ferrero was also beaten 7-5 6-1 by Russian qualifier Teimuraz Gabashvili.
The seventh seed from Spain, now ranked 20th in the world, had little answer to number 132 Gabashvili.
I didn't play my best tennis from the beginning and felt slow today after I had stomach problems yesterday, said Ferrero.
I played some good points but overall I made too many mistakes.
Monday's defeat followed Ferrero's second-round exit at last week's Marseille Open.
My goals for this season are just getting back in the top 10 and until this match I had played well, he said.
Unseeded Croatian Ivo Karlovic thumped 12 aces as he went through with a 6-1 6-2 victory over Olivier Rochus of Belgium.
A lucky Homare Sawa goal three minutes into stoppage time gave Japan a 3-2 victory over regional giants North Korea in the opener of the East Asian Women's Football Championship here Monday.
Sawa trapped a throw-in from the right touchline before looping a 30-metre shot over goalkeeper Han Hye-Yong and into the far-side corner of the net in the dying seconds of the game.
The last-gasp win avenged Japan's 1-0 loss to North Korea in the opener of the last East Asian Championship, in 2005, which was won by South Korea.
Chelsea defender Paulo Ferreira signed a five-year contract Monday.
There had been doubt over the 29 year old's future, particularly after the signing of Juliano Belletti from Barcelona.
But the new deal effectively keeps the Portugal international at the club until the end of his career.
Honda's former world champion Nicky Hayden set the pace on the final day of MotoGP's official pre-season test at the Jerez circuit in southern Spain on Monday.
The American, who lost his crown to Ducati's Australian Casey Stoner last season, clocked the fastest time of the test with a lap of one minute 38.848 seconds at the end of the afternoon.
The test was the first time this year that the top teams and riders had come together at the same circuit, only weeks before the season starts in Qatar on March 9.
The final pre-season test in Doha in 10 days' time will be held under floodlights to help riders prepare for MotoGP's first night race.
Yamaha's 20-year-old Spanish rookie Jorge Lorenzo, the 250cc world champion who will be the youngest rider on the MotoGP grid this year, was second quickest at the end of a breezy session in Jerez with a time 0.404 slower.
Italian Andrea Dovizioso was third on a JiR Honda with compatriot and former champion Valentino Rossi fifth on a Yamaha.
We've finished the three days second after a very fast lap this afternoon with the Michelin qualifying tyre, so I'm really happy about this, said Lorenzo in a statement.
With the race tyre, however, we're not in such good shape and we have quite a lot of work to do.
We need to be faster but to do this I need to have more grip and more confidence.
British MotoGP newcomer James Toseland was sixth fastest for Tech3 Yamaha despite crashing on his second lap of the day.
Toseland missed two hours of the session having x-rays before returning on crutches with damaged right ankle ligaments and getting back on the bike again.
Getafe, Spanish Cup runners-up in 2007, took a step closer to a return to the final when they defeated Racing Santander 3-1 in their semi-final first leg on Thursday.
England full back Micah Richards will be out for six weeks following an operation on damaged cartilage in his right knee, Manchester City manager Sven-Goran Eriksson said.
Richards, who travelled to London for the surgery, will definitely miss England's friendly with France on March 26.
Should be back for his club, who are challenging for a Champions League place, before the end of the season.
India coach Bob Houghton has called for a ban on the import of foreign strikers by the country's premier clubs, saying it was affecting the national team's progress.
Apart from Baichung and Sunil Chettri, Indian strikers are not regulars in their own clubs.
How do you expect that there would be a flurry of quality strikers in the national side?, the Briton told reporters in Kolkata.
Ireland will meet Colombia in a friendly at Fulham's Craven Cottage ground in London on May 29, the Ireland FA said.
The match will be Giovanni Trapattoni's second game in charge of Ireland after a fixture at Croke Park on May 24 when the Irish take on Serbia.
Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher has been arrested and cautioned by police for common assault.
The former England international, 30, was questioned about an argument with a man near his home, the BBC reported.
The assault was reported to police by a witness to the incident.
Common assault is the least serious form of assault and can include spitting or pushing.
Italian Soccer Federation chief Giancarlo Abete has written to Juventus defending referees and the integrity of the championship after the Turin club lambasted officials following a controversial 2-1 defeat to Reggina last weekend.
There can be no doubts about the regularity of the championship and the seriousness and preparedness of our referees, he wrote in the letter, reprinted on the federation Web site.
Juventus and Italy winger Raffaele Palladino has extended his contract by a year with the new deal running out in June 2011, the club said in a statement.
Juventus winger Pavel Nedved has been banned for two games after being sent off in stoppage time of Tuesday's 0-0 draw with Torino after pulling Gianluca Comotto's hair during an altercation, the league said in a statement.
AC Milan have extended Brazilian playmaker Kaka's contract by two years until June 2013, the European champions announced on Thursday.
Ricky has repeatedly said that he wants to become a symbol of this team, Milan vice president Adriano Galliani told the club's Web site.
He is, he is the greatest player in the world, he has decided to tie himself definitively to the Rossoneri colours.
This is the contract of his life.
I hope to be able to do another contract in 2013.
This is proof that Kaka will keep delighting our fans for all of his career.
The World Player of the Year was the driving force behind Milan's victorious Champions League campaign last season, scoring 10 goals on the way to the final.
Real Madrid tried to tempt Milan to sell Kaka throughout the close season with an 80 million euro offer and the Italian club even acknowledged that Kaka'a father and agent had held talks with the Spanish champions.
Davis suffered a neck injury in November and is still only at 80 percent strength.
It still niggles a bit but everything is better, it's more a case of getting back the strength, he said.
We all want to hit the ball hard, It is a bomber's game now and you can't afford not to, he said.
Three-times major winner Ernie Els of South Africa, New Zealander Tim Wilkinson and Americans Kevin Sutherland, Jimmy Walker and Brett Quigley all carded 67s.
Hertha Berlin moved to tenth in the Bundesliga standings on Friday with a 2-0 victory against bottom club MSV Duisburg.
The victory with two goals in the space of two minutes by Marko Pantelic and Raffael in the 35th and 37th minutes will have taken some pressure of a Berlin side that has been performing well under its capabilities this season.
Brazilian striker Raffael opened the scoring in the 35th when his header crashed against the cross-bar, bounced to Pantelic, who then pushed it to the Brazilian who in turn had a simple tap in from close range.
Two minutes later it was Raffael who turned provider with a defence-splitting pass that sent Pantelic into space and the Serbian made no mistake.
In the second half Hertha sat back and played counter attacking football, while Duisburg, who remain rooted to the bottom of the table with 17 points, were simply not strong enough to put the Berlin goal under any real pressure.
Berlin are in tenth place on 30 points.
Bayern Munich, who are away to Schalke on the weekend, head the table with 44 points, four ahead of second-placed Werder Bremen.
Svetlana Kuznetsova will face Elena Dementieva in an all-Russian final at the Dubai Open on Saturday after the pair won marathon semi-finals.
Second-seed Kuznetsova overcame Serbian fourth seed Jelena Jankovic 5-7 6-4 6-3 on Friday, and eighth-seeded Dementieva was also stretched before beating unseeded Italian Francesca Schiavone 5-7 7-5 6-2.
Both matches took almost three hours. 
Kuznetsova twice took the lead in the opening set before immediately dropping her own serve.
After missing out on a set point at 5-4, she was left to rue her missed opportunity when Jankovic came back strongly to wrap up the first set.
Instead of hanging her head, the Russian responded by jumping to a 3-0 lead in the second.
But her advantage was short-lived as Jankovic broke twice to streak 4-3 ahead.
This time it was Jankovic who let her chance slip away as Kuznetsova claimed the next three games.
After an early exchange of breaks in the deciding set, Jankovic visibly waned.
Kuznetsova survived three break points at 2-2 and then broke to lead 4-2.
She squandered six match points on the Jankovic serve before serving out to love for victory.
The match was going longer and longer and I was feeling better and better.
I cannot explain it, Kuznetsova told reporters.
I was far from my best game and it was very important to stay focused because usually when I play her I have so many chances and when I don't use them I get so frustrated.
Today it was very important for me to get through it.
I thought I did it pretty well, and in the third set I just had to stay calm and play my game.
Dementieva and Schiavone engaged in a succession of very lengthy but highly entertaining rallies, some stretching to over 30 exchanges.
Dementieva led 5-3, but she allowed the Italian, who knocked out world number one Justine Henin on Thursday, to snatch the next four games and the set.
After a series of service breaks in the second set Schiavone dropped her serve at 4-4, and although Dementieva failed to serve out the set at 5-4 she broke again to lead 6-5 and then levelled the match.
Schiavone, who received treatment for a tight quad muscle, was able to earn just seven points as Dementieva swept to a 4-0 lead in the deciding set.
The toughest part was losing the first set, said Dementieva.
I was 5-3, serving for the set and had so many opportunities and didn't use them.
I had to be able to stay calm and positive after losing that set and that was not easy.
I'm glad I was able to fight and win the second set. 
That gave me so much confidence and I was finishing strongly in the third.
Brazil playmaker Kaka, who this week extended his contract with AC Milan until 2013, wants to spend the rest of his career at the club.
Last year the Milan Channel asked me if I wanted to stay for life and on that occasion I didn't have the confidence and drive I have today, FIFA's World Player of the Year told the club's in-house television station on Friday.
Today I can say it.
I want to stay Rossonero all of my career.
I want to stay here for life.
According to Italian media reports, the 25-year-old will earn nine million euros a year net under the terms of his new deal with the European champions.
Kaka also said he wanted to skipper Milan one day.
This is my fifth season at Milan, he said.
I want to become a symbol, a standard-bearer and one day a captain of this club.
Kaka was the driving force behind Milan's victorious Champions League campaign last season, scoring 10 goals.
The seven-times European champions have fended off several attempts by Real Madrid to buy the player, with the Spanish champions making an offer of 80 million euros in the close season.
The Iranian Football Federation has appointed Iranian-American Afshin Qotbi as new head coach for Iran's national football team, state television reported Friday.
Deputy FFI president Mehdi Taj told state television that Qotbi, trainer of Persepolis Tehran, has prevailed over four other local contenders for the post.
The 45-year-old Qotbi will head the national team in the first round of the World Cup qualification games against Kuwait, Syria and the United Arab Emirates, Taj said.
In case of success, the 45-year-old would also take the team into the second round and eventually to the games in South Africa, Taj added.
Iran, which had been the only national side in Asia without a head coach since last July, started its World Cup qualification games with a disappointing goalless draw against Syria earlier this month.
The second game will be against Kuwait next month.
Qotbi, 45, is an electrical engineering graduate from the United States, who however soon turned to his real passion which was football.
He has strong coaching credentials, including a spell at Korean side Samsung and was technical assistant to South Korea under Dutchman Guus Hiddink.
Football observers in Iran consider Qotbi as a much better option than second-hand foreign coaches.
The FFI had in the recent weeks tried to employ Portuguese Artur Jorge and Spanish Javier Clemente but both efforts failed, especially with Clemente who had even signed a contract but his main demand not to live in Iran permanently was eventually rejected by the Iranian side.
Argentina midfielder Javier Mascherano signed a four-year contract with Liverpool on Friday.
This is the best moment in my career, he told the Premier League club's Web site.
I am very, very happy and now I can concentrate just on playing football, said the 23-year-old.
He joined Liverpool on loan from fellow Premier League club West Ham United in January 2007 before helping his new team reach the Champions League final in May.
Liverpool spokesman Ian Cotton said: Javier Mascherano came to Liverpool on a fixed term contract under an agreement disclosed to and approved by both the Football Association and Premier League.
His contract has now been extended under the provisions of that agreement We have no further comment to make, he added in an email to Reuters.
Mascherano joined West Ham in a controversial double move with compatriot Carlos Tevez in August 2006 in which they were loaned to the London club by Media Sports Investments.
Liverpool gave no financial details on the deal, leaving undisclosed the size of any transfer fee paid to MSI.
British media reports in the January transfer window said Mascherano could cost about 17 million pounds.
Argentina striker Tevez now plays for Manchester United.
Mascherano, a key member of the Argentina side voted FIFA's team of the year in 2007, began his career at River Plate before joining Brazilian club Corinthians in 2005.
A member of the Argentina side that reached the 2006 World Cup quarter-finals, Mascherano has 36 caps.
Olympique Lyon opened a six-point lead at the top of Ligue 1 when a first-half Fred goal earned a 1-0 win over Lille at the Stade de France on Saturday.
The six times champions now have 55 points from 27 matches with second-placed Girondins Bordeaux, who host Paris St Germain on Sunday, on 49.
The game broke the Ligue 1 attendance record with 77,850 fans showing up to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the stadium where France won the 1998 World Cup.
The previous record was set at the Stade Velodrome when 57,609 watched Olympique Marseille play Lyon on Aug. 15, 2005.
Lyon went ahead after 32 minutes on Saturday when Brazilian striker Fred netted with a low cross shot after being set up by right back Francois Clerc.
It was the third goal in two matches for Fred, who had played only nine league games this season before scoring a double against Metz last weekend.
Lille almost equalised when Pierre-Alain Frau's effort struck Gregory Coupet's bar on the hour.
With Lyon facing Manchester United in a last 16 Champions League tie at Old Trafford on Tuesday, following a 1-1 draw in the first leg, coach Alain Perrin made changes after an hour.
He replaced France striker Karim Benzema with Hatem Ben Arfa and 14 minutes later Abdulkader Keita came on for winger Sidney Govou.
Arsenal scored a late goal to force a 1-1 draw against Aston Villa although their lead at the top of the Premier League was cut to one point after Manchester United won 3-0 at Fulham on Saturday.
Substitute Nicklas Bendtner netted with seconds remaining to deny Villa victory and take Arsenal to 65 points, one more than United who stay second.
Third-placed Chelsea won 4-0 at West Ham United despite having Frank Lampard, who scored the opening goal against his former club, sent off after 33 minutes for what appeared to be an innocuous push on Luis Boa Morte.
Chelsea have 58 points and a game in hand on the top two.
For much of the afternoon, Arsenal struggled against Villa and looked to be heading for their first home league defeat of the season and only their second at the Emirates since moving there at the start of last season.
Villa went ahead when Arsenal defender Philippe Senderos turned a Gabriel Agbonlahor shot into his own net after 27 minutes and were in control with some excellent football.
However, Arsenal kept pushing forward and were rewarded just before the end with Bendtner's close-range goal.
We were dominated physically and technically by Aston Villa but came back in the second half.
The point could be of vital importance at the end of the season, relieved Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger told Sky Sports News.
Manchester United, who had not been beaten at Fulham since 1964, never looked like losing that record after Owen Hargreaves put them ahead with a clever free kick in the 15th minute, his first goal for United.
Park Ji-sung's 44th minute header and a Simon Davies own goal after 72 minutes gave United a straightforward victory, leaving Fulham deep in relegation trouble.
It was a professional performance and we did the job well, United manager Alex Ferguson told Sky Sports.
Hamburg SV won 4-1 at home to Eintracht Frankfurt to regain third place in the Bundesliga on Sunday, as close rivals Bayer Leverkusen slipped to a 2-0 defeat away to VfL Bochum.
Peruvian international Paolo Guerrero struck twice and Nigel de Jong and African Nations Cup winner Mohamed Zidan were also on target to help Hamburg stretch their unbeaten run to seven league matches.
The result was enough to give Hamburg a three-point advantage in third place the final Champions League qualifying slot after Leverkusen fell to Bochum goals from Thomas Zdebel and Christoph Dabrowski in the final 25 minutes. 
With 22 games played, Bayern Munich lead the standings with 47 points following their 1-0 win away to Schalke 04 on Saturday their first league victory in Gelsenkirchen in almost a decade.
Nice missed an opportunity to move up to fifth in Ligue 1 when they were held to yet another 0-0 draw at St Etienne on Sunday.
With four goalless stalemates, only 10 goals have been scored in nine league matches this weekend.
The Azurean side remain sixth with 39 points from 27 games, one adrift of Le Mans, who lost 1-0 to Racing Strasbourg on Saturday.
St Etienne, who dominated most of the game but proved too clumsy in the box, stay 10th in the standings on 36 points.
Villarreal missed their chance to tighten their grip on a Champions League berth on Sunday when they were held to a 0-0 draw at home by struggling Osasuna.
Manuel Pelligrini's side lacked their usual fluency and bite in attack and were unable to break down a dogged Osasuna defence in a dour affair at the Madrigal.
Despite the draw Villarreal remain in third spot in the table, but are now just three points clear of Atletico Madrid who thumped second-placed Barcelona 4-2 at the Calderon on Saturday.
Real Madrid cashed in on Barcelona's slip-up with a 3-2 win at Recreativo Huelva on Saturday that allowed them to restore their five-point advantage over the Catalans at the top of the table.
Real lead the standings on 59 points, Barca follow on 54, seven clear of Villarreal and 10 ahead of Atletico.
Surprise package Racing Santander moved up to sixth place thanks to a 1-0 victory at Valladolid on Sunday, Argentine midfielder Aldo Duscher striking a late winner when he ballooned a shot into the far corner four minutes from time.
The match of the day, though, was at the Coliseum in Madrid where 10-man Real Mallorca scored two quick-fire goals late in the second half to spoil Getafe's impressive run of recent form and earn themselves a point in an entertaining 3-3 draw.
Getafe looked to be on course for an easy win after strikes from Mario Cotelo and Juan Albin and an own goal from Ivan Ramis put them 3-1 up against the islanders, who were reduced to 10 men when Lionel Scaloni was sent off late in the first half.
But Mallorca were thrown a lifeline 13 minutes from time when striker Juan Arango let fly with a superbly struck free kick from 25 metres out.
Minutes later the Venezuelan international provided the assist for defender Ramis to skim a header into the net after another great free kick.
Despite the draw Michael Laudrup's Getafe, who are in the last 16 of the UEFA Cup and on the verge of a securing a place in the final of the King's Cup for the second season in succession, remain in 10th place in the table.
They are a point clear of an improving Real Betis who crushed relegation-threatened Real Murcia 4-0 in Seville.
Real Zaragoza were dragged into the danger zone after they slumped to their fourth defeat in a row when they went down 2-1 away to basement side Levante and are now languishing in 17th place in the standings.
Levante remain anchored to the foot of the table with 19 points, four adrift of Murcia and 10 behind Recreativo, but there are seven other sides within three points of the relegation zone.
Kobe Bryant scored 30 of his season-high 52 points in the fourth quarter and overtime to lift the Los Angeles Lakers to a 108-104 win over the Dallas Mavericks on Sunday.
Bryant had 22 points in the fourth quarter as the Lakers overcame a six-point Dallas lead and scored eight more in overtime.
The Mavericks needed a three-pointer by Dirk Nowitzki with two seconds left to force overtime.
Los Angeles scored the first five points of the extra period on a three-pointer by Sasha Vujacic and Bryant's layup.
Bryant also contributed 11 rebounds and four assists.
Pau Gasol added 17 points, 14 rebounds and five assists.
Nowitzki led Dallas with 30 points and 13 rebounds.
The Houston Rockets tied a franchise record by beating the Denver Nuggets 103-89 for their 15th consecutive win. 
Tracy McGrady scored 22 points and Shane Battier 20 for the Rockets.
The San Antonio Spurs cruised to their ninth win in a row, defeating the New Jersey Nets 93-83 led by Tony Parker's 25 points, eight rebounds and seven assists.
LeBron James's game-high 37 points inspired the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 95-86 home win over the Chicago Bulls.
The Boston Celtics won their fifth consecutive game, topping the Atlanta Hawks 98-88 behind Paul Pierce's 30 points and 20 points.
Antawn Jamison's 28 points and nine rebounds paced the Washington Wizards to a 101-84 home win over the New Orleans Hornets.
World number one Roger Federer suffered his first opening-round defeat since 2004 when he lost 6-7 6-3 6-4 to unseeded Briton Andy Murray in the Dubai Championships on Monday.
The 12-times grand slam champion was last beaten in the first round of a tournament at the Cincinnati Masters in August 2004.
Any time you get to play against someone like that it's just an honour to be on the same court, Murray said courtside after recording his second career victory over holder Federer.
Sporting Lisbon booked a place in the quarter-finals of the UEFA Cup with a 1-0 win over Bolton Wanderers while Glasgow Rangers advanced despite a 1-0 defeat at Germany's Werder Bremen on Thursday.
Sporting scored an 85th-minute goal through Marques Bruno Pereirinha to secure a 2-1 aggregate win over Bolton.
The result ends England's last interest in the competition following the elimination Wednesday of Everton to Fiorentina and Tottenham Hotspur to PSV Eindhoven.
Britain's sole representative is now Scotland's Glasgow Rangers who were under pressure for almost all of the game at Bremen but held on for a 2-1 aggregate win Allan McGregor was outstanding in goal for Rangers, keeping out the home side with a series of saves.
American wildcard Vania King came from a set down to beat Anne Kremer of Luxembourg in the Pacific Life Open first round on Thursday.
The 19-year-old, who clinched her first WTA title at the 2006 Bangkok Open in her rookie season, sealed a 4-6 6-3 6-4 victory after a two-and-a-half-hour battle.
Seeded players received a first round bye in the tournament at the Indian Wells Tennis Garden.
I started off really nervous and she played better and better in the first set, King told reporters after winning her second Tour match out of six this year. 
At the end of the first set, I changed my strategy and that worked out well.
I was really happy to come out with the win after just fighting.
King, who next meets 31st seed Tathiana Garbin of Italy in the second round, was sidelined for three weeks last month with a viral illness.
My body isn't 100 percent but I've been trying the best I can, the Californian said.
I think I'm ready.
Every day I've been playing better and better.
I'm just happy to be out here.
In other women's matches on Thursday, Germany's Angelique Kerber swept past Russian Ekaterina Bychkova 6-1 6-2 and Romania's Ioana Raluca Olaru beat Yuan Meng of China 6-4 6-4.
The top women's players enter the fray on Friday when Australian Open champion and fifth seed Maria Sharapova takes on French qualifier Stephanie Cohen-Aloro and second-seeded Svetlana Kuznetsova faces fellow Russian Ekaterina Makarova.
In the men's event, Swede Robin Soederling crushed Frenchman Sebastien Grosjean 6-3 6-3 in a first-round match on Thursday and Jonas Bjorkman, also of Sweden, edged past Italian Filippo Volandri 6-3 7-6.
World number one and top seed Roger Federer, who was upset 6-3 4-6 6-0 in the second round last year by Argentina's Guillermo Canas, plays his first match on Saturday against
Spaniard Rafael Nadal, who won the 2007 title with a 6-2 7-5 victory over Serb Novak Djokovic, has been seeded second with Djokovic third and Russian Nikolay Davydenko fourth in the opening Masters Series event of the season.
Italy's Raffaele Illiano prevailed in a sprint finish to take the second stage of the Tirreno-Adriatico race from Civitavecchia to Gubbio on Thursday.
The Diquigiovanni rider beat compatriot Enrico Gasparotto and team mate Niklas Axelsson of Norway after being part of a six-rider attack that formed 20km from the finish of the 203km stage.
Gasparotto is the new race leader with Axelsson second at two seconds back and Germany's Linus Gerdemann six seconds down.
Illiano was in tears after taking the most important victory of his seven-year professional career.
I'm incredibly happy.
I've been waiting for this for a long time.
I've only ever won minor races but now I think I've earned my place in the professional peloton, he said.
I crashed during the first stage and I've got five stitches in my right knee but I felt good and so went with the late attack.
Team Barloworld rider Gasparotto was disappointed not to win the sprint but added the race leader's blue jersey to the pink jersey he won in the prologue of the Giro d'Italia last year and the red, white and green Italian national champion's jersey he won in 2005.
I was suffering with cramp in the final kilometres of the stage and that definitely affected my chances in the sprint.
However I'm happy to have the leader's jersey and will try and keep it for as long as possible, Gasparotto said.
Friday's 195km third stage is from Gubbio to Montelupone.
Schalke 04 recovered from a goal down to beat lowly MSV Duisburg 2-1 in the Bundesliga on Friday after facing a chorus of boos at halftime.
Germany defender Heiko Westermann got the winner in the 74th minute, firing home from the right with an acrobatic strike after Gerard Asamoah's header came back off the bar.
Germany striker Kevin Kuranyi equalised for Schalke on the hour after getting his knee on a low cross from Ivan Rakitic.
Duisburg had taken the lead against the Champions League quarter-finalists who were drawn on Friday against Barcelona - in the 21st minute to stun a sell-out crowd of 61,482.
Bulgaria striker Blagoy Georgiev intercepted the ball in midfield and made a superb solo run down the left before beating goalkeeper Manuel Neuer with a fine shot inside the far post.
We had a hard time finding the openings, said Schalke coach Mirko Slomka after Duisburg played with 10 men behind the ball for much of the game.
And after we fell behind our fans weren't amused.
But in the second half we threw everything we had at them and were able to turn it around.
Duisburg coach Rudi Bommer blamed second-half mistakes.
We played very well defensively in the first half and had some good scoring chances as well, he said.
But in the second half we didn't have the courage we had in the first half.
Schalke stay fifth with 41 points, nine behind leaders Bayern Munich who visit bottom club Energie Cottbus on Saturday.
Duisburg are a point above Cottbus in 17th place with 18 points.
They have won two league matches in a row after a three-game losing streak nearly cost Slomka his job and are within a point of third place, which brings Champions League qualification.
Defending champion Daniela Hantuchova of Slovakia and fourth-seeded Russian Maria Sharapova breezed through their opening matches in the Pacific Life Open second round on Friday.
Hantuchova swept past American wildcard Angela Haynes 6-1 6-2 in windy conditions at the Indian Well Tennis Garden before Sharapova crushed French qualifier Stephanie Cohen-Aloro 6-1 6-0.
The 24-year-old Hantuchova, who won the tournament for a second time by beating Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova in last year's final, broke three times in each set to seal victory in just over an hour.
That felt great, the fifth seed told reporters.
It was an incredible feeling to be back on the center court.
Hantuchova advances to a third round match with China's Zheng Jie, who upset 30th-seeded Ukrainian Kateryna Bondarenko 6-2 6-4.
It definitely feels like it's my home out there, the Slovakian added.
I wish I could play every match of the year on this court.
I don't know what it is.
I guess it's the bounce.
It's not too slow, not too fast.
The only problem for Hantuchova on a sun-drenched day was the swirling wind.
It was very, very tough, she said.
In a wind like this, you never know what to expect.
It evens the match, really, because even though you might hit a good shot, it can still go out or it can be too short.
I'm very glad how I handled the conditions.
Sharapova, who won her third grand slam at the Australian Open in January, broke Cohen-Aloro twice in the first set and three times in the second to wrap up the match in 58 minutes.
This has been an incredible start to the year and it's great to be playing in my second home of California, said the Russian, who is unbeaten in 15 WTA matches this season.
A couple of weeks ago we were playing a tournament in Doha and I've never played tennis in so much wind, she added.
You get used to it and it was the same for my opponent.
In other matches, eighth-seeded Dinara Safina of Russia scraped past American Jill Craybas 7-6 7-5 and Alona Bondarenko of Ukraine beat Bulgarian Tsvetana Pironkova 6-3 7-6.
Peng Shuai of China crushed Italian Karin Knapp 6-1 6-3 to set up a third-round encounter with Poland's Agnieszka Radwanska, who defeated Ukrainian Mariya Koryttseva 6-1 7-6.
World number three and second seed Kuznetsova was scheduled to play fellow Russian Ekaterina Makarova in an evening match.
Favourites Bayern Munich will face Spanish debutants Getafe in the quarter-finals of the UEFA Cup next month.
Friday's draw pitched the Bundesliga leaders, four-times European champions and 1996 UEFA Cup winners against a club enjoying their first taste of European competition.
The outstanding tie of the round is PSV Eindhoven against Fiorentina.
Germany's other representatives Bayer Leverkusen, the 1988 UEFA Cup winners, meet Zenit St Petersburg while Rangers, the sole British survivors, face Sporting Lisbon.
The first legs will be played on April 3 and the second legs a week later.
We have been drawn against one of the strongest teams, Bayern coach Ottmar Hitzfeld told the club's Web site.
Germany striker Miroslav Klose said: I said before the draw hopefully not Getafe or St Petersburg.
That's no easy hurdle but certainly one we can overcome.
Getafe coach Michael Laudrup was delighted with the draw.
What more could we want?, said Laudrup.
The chance to play against the favourites, the first leg over there and the second leg here.
If we go out there is no better way but if we win what more can I say? .
PSV and Fiorentina won penalty shootouts against English clubs on Wednesday.
Dutch side PSV beat Tottenham Hotspur 6-5 in a shootout after losing 1-0 at home for a 1-1 aggregate draw.
Fiorentina went down 2-0 at Everton to draw their tie 2-2 on aggregate before winning the shootout 4-2.
Both clubs have tasted European glory in the past, the Italians winning the first Cup Winners' Cup in 1961 and PSV lifting the 1978 UEFA Cup and 1988 European Cup.
Rangers and Sporting are previous winners of the now defunct Cup Winners' Cup.
The Portuguese side also lost the 2005 UEFA Cup final to CSKA Moscow.
Should the two German clubs win they will meet in the semi-finals.
The final is at the City of Manchester Stadium on May 14.
Barcelona striker Samuel Eto'o would have preferred facing Chelsea or Manchester United rather than Schalke 04 in the Champions League quarter-finals.
There are lots of other people who would have wanted Schalke, but I can assure you there are no easy games, the Cameroon international told reporters after Friday's draw.
I would have preferred to be drawn against Chelsea or Manchester United because at least then you would have been going with the idea that it is going to be tough.
Games like these can be a trap and I hope we don't fall into it because Schalke deserve to be there just like any other team.
Spanish media were unanimous Barca had a favourable draw by avoiding the four British teams and getting the unfancied Bundesliga side making their first appearance in the last eight.
To support his argument, though, Eto'o referred to last year's King's Cup tie against semi-final debutants Getafe when Barcelona let a 5-2 first-leg lead slip as they went out of the competition after embarrassing 4-0 defeat in the return.
We saw what happened in the King's Cup last year when we played Getafe, he said.
When we play to our best and concentrate, there is no one who can beat us, but we have to be 100 percent focused.
Barca are scheduled to visit Gelsenkirchen on April 1, with the return at the Nou Camp on April 9.
Real Betis's Primera Liga match against Athletic Bilbao was abandoned on Saturday after visiting goalkeeper Armando was struck by a bottle thrown by a fan.
Bilbao were leading 2-1 during the second half at the Manuel Ruiz de Lopera stadium when a fan behind the goal threw what looked like a small plastic bottle full of liquid at Armando.
The keeper, who had gone to get the ball for a goalkick, was treated on the pitch and taken off on a stretcher. 
Referee Carlos Clos Gomez stopped the game with about 18 minutes left.
Armando suffered a blow to the right eye and has bruising and a cut in the same area. He has had stitches, Bilbao said on their Web site.
Betis's Web site said: The aggressor was immediately detained by the stadium's private security and will be prevented from attending future sporting events. 
It is not the first time such an incident has occurred at the Manuel Ruiz de Lopera.
Last season, Sevilla coach Juande Ramos, now at Tottenham Hotspur, was knocked out after being hit by a bottle thrown from the stands during a King's Cup quarter-final match there.
That game was abandoned and the remaining 33 minutes played behind closed doors at Getafe's stadium while Betis were hit with a three-match stadium ban.
Real Madrid lost 1-0 against Deportivo Coruna in the Primera Liga on Saturday as they failed to break their jinx at the Riazor.
The Spanish champions have not won in La Coruna since November 1991 and never looked like breaking the sequence after losing to a second-half own-goal by Portugal defender Pepe.
Real stay eight points clear of second-placed Barcelona, who have 54, but Frank Rijkaard's side can close to within five with a win in Almeria on Sunday.
I don't think we played a good game but I think a 0-0 draw would have been a fair result, Real coach Bernd Schuster said.
The match between Real Betis and Athletic Bilbao at the Manuel Ruiz de Lopera was abandoned midway through the second half with the score at 2-1 after Bilbao goalkeeper Armando was hit in the face by a bottle thrown from the stands.
Armando had stitches for a cut near his eye.
In the late game, Brazil striker Luis Fabiano took his tally for the season to 22 with both goals in Sevilla's 2-0 win at Valencia.
The first was a well-taken free-kick in the 11th minute and the second came soon after as he diverted Seydou Keita's long-range shot past Timo Hildebrand.
Although defender Raul Albiol pulled one back right at the end, Valencia and their under-fire coach Ronald Koeman left the pitch to a barrage of whistles from the home crowd.
Sevilla climbed to fourth place with 45 points, one ahead of Atletico Madrid and Racing Santander who play Levante and Getafe respectively on Sunday.
At the foot of the table, Real Murcia's chances of avoiding relegation suffered a blow when they lost 4-2 at fellow strugglers Recreativo Huelva. French striker Florent Sinama Pongolle bagged a brace for Recre.
AS Roma produced a stunning comeback to beat AC Milan 2-1 and move within three points of Serie A leaders Inter on Saturday.
Girondins Bordeaux kept alive their title hopes when an Henrique double helped them to a 3-0 victory over lowly Racing Strasbourg in Ligue 1 on Sunday.
The Aquitaine side remain second in the standings, with nine matches left, on 55 points, six behind leaders Olympique Lyon who won 3-0 at Monaco on Saturday.
Olympique Marseille missed the chance to move within a point of third-placed Nancy when they wasted a two-goal lead in a 3-3 draw at struggling RC Lens.
France midfielder Samir Nasri opened the scoring in the 25th minute with a 16-metre shot and Benoit Cheyrou doubled the tally three minutes later after benefiting from a poor clearance from Lens centre back Vitorino Hilton.
However, Lens hit back after the break with Toifilou Maoulida reducing the arrears on 56 minutes and Kader Mangane equalising in the 66th after being set up by Nenad Kovacevic.
Striker Loic Remy, who has been loaned by Lyon during January's transfer window, gave the home side the edge with 17 minutes left with a slick shot from inside the box.
Djibril Cisse salvaged a point for the visitors when he latched onto a Kanga Akale cross one minute from time.
Marseille now have 46 points to Nancy's 49 after the Lorraine side drew 1-1 at Sochaux on Saturday.
Lens stay 16th on 34 points, two above the relegation zone.
At Bordeaux's stade Chaban-Delmas, defender Henrique headed home from an Alejandro Alonso corner kick on 28 minutes and the Brazilian's second goal three minutes from the interval was a carbon copy of the opener.
Argentine striker Fernando Cavenaghi made it three 15 minutes from time by firing home from a bad clearance for his 10th goal in his last 10 league matches.
Bayer Leverkusen jumped ahead of slumping Werder Bremen into third place behind Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich and Hamburg SV with a 4-1 home victory against Nuremberg on Sunday.
Bremen started the weekend in second but squandered their chance to capitalise on Bayern's shock 2-0 defeat at Energie Cottbus on Saturday.
Bremen were beaten 1-0 at home by VfL Wolfsburg, their third league defeat in the last four matches.
Bayern lead the table with 50 points, Hamburg are second with 45, Leverkusen third with 44 and Bremen, who were also knocked out of the UEFA Cup on Thursday, are fourth on 43.
Brazil's Grafite scored the match winner in the rain for Wolfsburg five minutes after the intermission, firing home from the right at the end of a high-speed one-two with compatriot Marcelinho that began in midfield.
They were handicapped by having to play on Thursday and with all the injuries they've had, Wolfsburg coach Felix Magath told Premiere Television.
Wolfsburg have the league's best record since the winter break with 16 points from seven matches.
But our team played extremely well, added Magath, whose team face Bayern Munich in the semi-finals of the German Cup on Wednesday.
We had several chances to get the second goal and I think that shows we deserved to win.
Brazilian international Marcelinho is under investigation by German police and faces a possible grievous bodily harm charge following a late-night attack in a Berlin nightclub.
German tabloid Bild reported the 32-year-old VfL Wolfsburg midfielder, who has five caps for Brazil and scored one goal, is being investigated after a 44-year-old man received five stitches in a head wound in the early hours of Easter Monday.
The man reported the incident to the police and a spokesman confirmed an investigation has been launched.
The incident at the Cazz Club in Charlottenburg left the man - simply known as Ingo H - covered in blood and he received treatment at a hospital in the suburb of Kreuzberg.
The man claims he was attacked by the Brazilian star with a beer bottle after a disagreement, but Marcelinho is adamant he did nothing wrong.
The man provoked me and there was a set to, the Brazilian told Bild.
If this man wants to go to the police, the matter will be clarified by the police.
David Beckham will win his 100th cap for England in Wednesday's friendly against France here at the Stade de France coach Fabio Capello said on Tuesday.
The Italian confirmed Beckham, who has been recalled to his squad, would play at some stage although he did not say whether he would be in the starting line-up.
David will play a part, Capello said, It would have been very cruel of me to make him come all the way from the United States and not played him.
The LA Galaxy midfielder was left out of Capello's squad for his first game in charge against Switzerland, but has been brought back in despite his lack of match fitness.
Beckham will be the fifth England player to win a ton of caps after Billy Wright, Sir Bobby Charlton, Bobby Moore and Peter Shilton.
Porto president Jorge Nuno Pinto da Costa will stand trial for allegedly bribing a referee before a Portuguese Premier League match in 2004, a Porto tribunal source told Reuters on Tuesday.
The referee, Augusto Duarte, who was in charge of the match between Beira Mar and Porto that year which ended in a goalless draw, will also stand trial for corruption, the source said.
Pinto da Costa's lawyer declined to comment while Duarte was not immediately available to comment.
The decision, by a criminal court in Portugal's northern city of Porto, follows an investigation branded Apito Dourado which began in 2003 and involves several soccer directors and referees, according to media reports.
The Lusa news agency quoted Portugal's public prosecutor's office saying Pinto da Costa was suspected of giving an envelope containing 2,500 euros to Duarte before the match.
No date has been set for the trial, Lusa said.
The trial follows publication of a book by an ex-girlfriend of the president of Premier League leaders Porto, which alleged the team had often benefited from bribes paid to referees.
Former champions Renault canstill win grands prix this year despite a difficult start to the Formula One season, team boss Flavio Briatore said on Tuesday.
I think so, yes, in Barcelona we have the new package and absolutely yes we can win, he told Reuters.
Briatore was speaking after announcing a new 20 million pounds five-year sponsorship deal with Italian clothing company Lotto for his English Championship second division soccer club Queens Park Rangers.
The Spanish Grand Prix, a home race for Renault's double world champion Fernando Alonso, is the fourth round of the season on April 27.
Renault, champions in 2005 and 2006 with Alonso, have not won a race since October 2006 and chalked up just one podium finish last year after the Spaniard had left to drive for McLaren.
Alonso has now returned to the French team, where he is partnered with Brazilian rookie Nelson Piquet, but struggled to eighth place in Malaysia last weekend after finishing fourth in the Australian season-opener.
His view of the future seemingly differed from Briatore's, with the Spaniard telling the As sports daily on Monday he was not expecting any big step forward.
In Barcelona we will have some improvements for the car, the same ones all the teams will have, so the championship is going to stay more or less the same, he said.
We saw it last year and we see it every year.
The cars that win the first two or three races stay on top.
We are not going to see big surprises during the year.
Briatore would not be drawn on whether he thought QPR would be in the Premier League before Renault were champions again.
It's difficult to say because nobody expected Renault to win the championships in 2005 and 2006.
I don't know, let's see, he said.
The Italian also brushed aside talk about Alonso's future, with media speculation in Spain still linking the Spaniard to a move to Ferrari as a replacement for Brazilian Felipe Massa.
Massa has failed to score a point in two races this year but has a contract with the Italian team to the end of 2010.
This story you remember was already last year and in the end he signed with Renault, said Briatore.
The team boss is a co-owner of QPR with Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone and Indian steel billionaire Lakshmi Mittal.
Bernie is an incredible asset for QPR and we have fun as well, Briatore said of their partnership.
In life you need to have fun, but you have fun only if you are successful.
I think there is a lot of synergy because we want to be competitive and be the best and this is the same in football as well as Formula One.
Former world champions Zab Judah and Shane Mosley will meet May 31 at Las Vegas to see who might earn another world title chance with unbeaten welterweight champions Floyd Mayweather and Miguel Cotto.
Mosley, 44-5 with 37 knockouts, has won world crowns in three weight classes but the 36-year-old veteran lost a decision last November to unbeaten World Boxing Association champion Cotto.
It's extremely high stakes for Zab and myself in this fight, Mosley said.
We have similar styles in terms of speed and power.
I am hungry for this victory and confident I'll get it.
Judah, is 36-5 with 25 knockouts and has won world titles in two weight classes, once holding the undisputed welterweight throne before losing all three crowns in three different fights.
Judah lost unanimous 2006 decisions to Mayweather, the World Boxing Council champion, and Carlos Baldomir and was stopped in the 11th round by Puerto Rico's Cotto last June.
I'm willing to gamble everything on this fight and I know I have to win it to set my career back on the winning path, Judah said.
I respect Shane as a great fighter but I know he can't go 12 fast rounds with me.
I plan to take him into deep waters and be the first one to stop him.
A first-half penalty by Franck Ribery spoiled David Beckham's 100th appearance for England by giving France a 1-0 friendly win at the Stade de France on Wednesday.
Midfielder Ribery hit the winner from the spot against the run of play on 32 minutes after Nicolas Anelka was brought down in the box by England goalkeeper David James.
The 32-year-old Beckham started the match to become the fifth English player to achieve a century of appearances for his country.
He worked tirelessly on the right wing and received a first-half booking before being replaced by David Bentley on 63 minutes.
England, who failed to qualify for the European championship finals and have not beaten France in Paris since a 3-1 friendly win in 1949, fought bravely before the break but gradually tired.
David Villa scored a stunning left-foot volley to give perenial under-achievers Spain a morale-boosting 1-0 victory over Spain here on Wednesday.
In a match between two of the favourites for the Euro 2008 title in June in Austria and Switzerland it took a moment of genius from the Valencia star to settle the affair.
In fairness, though, neither side showed much to suggest they would be the team to look out for in the summer in what was at times a cagey, uneventful match.
Spanish coach Luis Aragones said the better side had won.
We deserved to score even if the match was finely balanced, said Aragones, Italy are a difficult adversary.
However, the ever enigmatic coach refused to say whether the squad for the Euro 2008 finals would be effectively the one he had selected for this match.
I do not know whether that is the definitive squad or not.
There is still time before the championships.
I am not a divine being.
His Italy counterpart Roberto Donadoni claimed his side had deserved more than they got.
It was a good match and we didn't deserve to lose, he said.
But it was a great goal and all we can do is congratulate him.
Donadoni, a former elegant attacking midfielder who was part of the Italy side that reached the 1990 World Cup semi-finals, refused to be drawn on his contract situation.
The Italy's boss's deal runs out at the end of June and he has not signed an extension.
I don't know what to say, there's nothing to say, he said.
I'm doing my job with passion and committment.
Italy actually had the ball in the net on 13 minutes but Bayern Munich striker Luca Toni's header was mysteriously disallowed.
Spain were next to threaten but Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon came to the visitors' rescue twice in quick succession on 37 minutes.
First he blocked a shot from Liverpool striker Fernando Torres and then he was alert to stop a poked finish from Arsenal playmaker Cesc Fabregas on the follow-up.
Chances were few and far between but six minutes after the break world champions Italy came within a lick of paint of taking the lead.
Lyon full-back Fabio Grosso got down the left and crossed into the centre where Argentina-born Juventus midfielder Mauro Camoranesi smashed his volley onto the bar before substitute defender Raul Albiol blocked Toni's follow-up with his face.
Camoranesi had another couple of half chances as Italy took the ascendancy but the Spanish back line held firm.
But the goal came 14 minutes from time as Fabio Cannavaro failed to clear the danger properly from Barcelona midfielder Andres Iniesta's speculative long ball forward.
Villa set himself on the edge of the area and waited for Cannavaro's headed clearance to drop before thrashing a volley into the top corner.
Late on Villa had another chance to extend the lead from a glorious long pass from Liverpool midfielder Xabi Alonso but Buffon was out quickly to narrow the angle and block with his legs.
Germany's Tommy Haas pulled out of the ATP Masters Series hardcourt tournament because of a sinus infection, organizers announced here on Wednesday.
The 29-year-old, ranked 36th on the ATP Tour, retired from a quarter-final match against Swiss world number one Roger Federer last week at Indian Wells, California, for the same reason.
The German standout, who looked to be returning to the sort of form that saw him rise as high as number two in the world when he beat Andy Roddick in Indian Wells, was replaced for a night match on Wednesday in the main draw by Spain's Guillermo Garcia-Lopez, who will face Haas' compatriot Nicolas Kiefer in a first-round match.
Haas admitted earlier this month that he didn't think he would ever return to his peak because of undergoing a third shoulder operation and a series of poor results since then.
David Beckham showed he could still play a role for England when he won his 100th cap in a 1-0 defeat to France in a friendly on Wednesday.
The LA Galaxy midfielder looked a little rusty at times but gave a typically hard-working performance at the Stade de France and was involved in much of England's attacking play before being replaced by David Bentley in the 63rd minute.
The 32-year-old, who made his England debut against Moldova in a World Cup qualifier in September 1996, became only the fifth English player to achieve a century of appearances for his country.
Beckham won his 99th cap in England's 3-2 home defeat against Croatia in a Euro qualifier at Wembley last November.
I am very proud of this 100th cap.
It does not happen to everybody.
It was amazing, he told reporters.
It was special to win it here, where Zidane played, and I have also got a house in France.
The most important thing was to prove my fitness and I thought I did.
I felt very fresh, a lot fresher than I thought I would be.
Tonight I enjoyed myself, that's the biggest thing.
Camera flashes sparkled around the stadium when the former Manchester United favourite took his first corner kick, which was cleared by the French defence in the sixth minute.
Beckham then fell just short of netting his 18th goal for his country when he failed to connect at the far post with a low Ashley Cole cross.
Wearing golden boots to mark the milestone, Beckham also got the opportunity to show his defending skills, often switching to a full back position with former United team mate Wes Brown.
It is something we've played with Wes when we were with United.
I also used to do it with Gary Neville, he said.
He picked up a yellow card eight minutes before the interval when his lack of condition forced him to pull Franck Ribery's shirt.
Beckham saved his team from the threat posed by Nicolas Anelka by beating the Chelsea forward to the ball just before being replaced by Bentley to a standing ovation from both the French and English fans.
His last contribution was a trademark 50-metre crossfield pass to Stewart Downing.
Then his number flashed up on the replacement board and he left applauding the fans who were cheering him.
David played like I know he can play, said coach Fabio Capello.
I only substituted him because I wanted to see other players and I know him well.
France defender William Gallas approached Beckham at fulltime to swap shirts but the England man declined.
He didask me but I think he forgot what game it was for me, he told Sky Sports.
The last-chance return to tennis of Paradorn Srichaphan may make the Davis Cup task of Australia a bit tougher when the nations meet in three weeks in an Asian zonal tie.
The April 11-13 throwdown in Townsville will be the test of fire for former top Thai Paradorn, who has not played in a year after a wrist injury and ensuing surgery.
But the 28-year-old has now been included in the side which will travel to Queensland in hopes of derailing Australian chances of returning to the World Group.
Paradorn, a one-time world No. 9, last competed a year ago in Miami, losing in the first round and realising he had to cure his right wrist problem.
Australian captain John Fitzgerald will now have one more problem to puzzle through on his team which is led - again - by Lleyton Hewitt with backup from No. 68 Chris Guccione.
It creates interest in the tie, doesn't it?, said the Aussie skipper.
I think they've maybe made bookings for him but I don't know if he'll come.
Paradorn now vows to give his return a final push before eventual retirement as a national sporting hero at home with a former beauty pageant queen Russian-Canadian wife.
He will benefit from an injury-protected ranking of 75, which will allow him to enter nine ATP events.
To be back in the top 50 will not be easy as I'm a senior player now, and there are many new guys who are only 18-19.
Regional heavyweights Japan, Iraq and Saudi Arabia all suffered surprise defeats as lower-ranked teams dominated Asia's World Cup qualifiers on Wednesday.
Three times qualifiers Japan, missing their European-based players, went down 1-0 to Bahrain in Manama with Aala Hubail's 77th minute strike moving the gritty Gulf side to the top of the Group 2 standings.
Saudi Arabia, who have been to the finals four times, were thrashed 3-0 by Uzbekistan, while the misery continued for unsettled Asian Cup holders Iraq, who are now rooted to the bottom of Group 1 after losing 2-0 to Qatar.
Problem-plagued Iran ended their humiliating scoring drought but threw away a two-goal lead to draw with Kuwait.
Mark Schwarzer's late penalty save helped injury-hit newcomers Australia scrape a point away to struggling China to keep the Socceroos top of Group 1.
Middlesbrough keeper Schwarzer looked to have lost Australia the match when he brought down Qu Bo in the area, but he instantly made amends by stopping Shao Jiayi's spot kick with a minute remaining in high-altitude in Kunming.
To lose that match to a late penalty would have been a disaster for us because I thought we deserved to get something out of the game, Schwarzer told Australian television.
In Tashkent, the Saudis lacked their usual firepower and were stunned when the Uzbeks scored three times either side of halftime.
Timur Kapadze netted just before the break, Maksim Shatskikh added another on 65 minutes and Server Djeparov converted a spot kick two minutes later to move the Uzbeks three points clear at the top and a step closer to their first finals.
Bosnian-born striker Aleksandar Duric scored his third qualifying goal to help Singapore see off Lebanon 2-0 in the other Group 4 match.
South Korea were held to a surprise 0-0 draw by archrivals North Korea in a politically-charged Group 3 qualifier played in Shanghai after a row over flags and national anthems.
The draw humbled South Korea, Asia's most successful World Cup team, but the point was enough to stay top on goal difference ahead of their northern rivals.
Turkmenistan were beaten 2-0 at home by Jordan in the other Group 3 game.
Oman struck after just 26 seconds to condemn Thailand to their second successive defeat and all but rule out their chance of reaching their first World Cup.
Seconds after the kick off, Ismail Al Ajmi broke free in the area to convert a right-wing cross to defeat a resilient Thai side who failed to find the net in more than a dozen clear-cut chances.
This has been a big boost to our chances of World Cup qualification, Oman's Uruguayan coach Julio Cesar Ribas told reporters.
The visitors soaked up 89 minutes of constant pressure from the Thais, with goalkeeper Ali Al Habsi fending off a barrage of attacks from strikers Teerathep Winothai and Teerasin Dangda.
It was a very difficult game
We were under pressure all the time, but we did just enough to win, Al Habsi told Reuters.
In the all-Middle East Group 5, in-form part-timers Syria earned a 1-1 draw with Gulf champions the United Arab Emirates.
Iran entered their ninth month without a win, despite going two up inside the first five minutes through Alireza Vahedi and Seyed Hosseini.
Ahmad Al Azemi pulled one back for Kuwait just before halftime and Fahad Alrashidi levelled on 81 minutes.
Qatar defeated Asian champions Iraq 2-0 in Doha on Wednesday to move back into the reckoning in the Asian zone World Cup Group One qualifiers.
Qatar, the Asian Games champions, found a matchwinner in Brazilian-born midfielder Fabio Montesin, who secured the points with goals in the first and 65th minutes.
Iraq were shocked by the goal after 58 seconds.
Montesin worked the ball up on the right and let fly a 20-metre shot which sailed past Iraq goalkeeper Hassan Noor, who was challenged by Qatar's Uruguayan-born striker Sebastian Soria.
Iraq failed to recover and Qatar controlled the game, keeping possession for long periods with some clever passing.
The second followed a melee inside the Iraq box following a free kick by Qatar striker Marcio Emerson.
The naturalised Brazilian struck a low shot through a packed area and Montesin got the better of two defenders before finding the back of the net with an opportunist strike.
Qatar's Uruguayan coach Jorge Fossati opted for the more offensive 4-3-3 format with Soria, Emerson and the Europe-based Hussain Yasser up front and the trio of Montesin, Talal Al Balosuhi and Wesam Rezak manning the midfield.
Iraq's hopes rested on striker Younis Mahmoud.
But the key figure in their Asian Cup triumph was starved of passes and was also tightly marked by the Qatar defenders.
Qatar had lost their first group match 3-0 to Australia while Iraq were held to a 1-1 draw by China.
Australia top the group with four points after their 0-0 draw with China on Wednesday.
Qatar are second with three points, China have two and Iraq one.
Russian Nikolay Davydenko cruised into the semi-finals of the ATP Sony Ericsson Open on Thursday by defeating Serb Janko Tipsarevic 6-2, 6-1 on the main stadium court.
The 26-year-old Davydenko is off to a career best 17-5 start this season.
He became the first Russian man to reach the final four in the 24-year history of the event.
The world No. 5 had little trouble as he fired nine aces and converted five of six breaks points in dispatching the 23-year-old Tipsarevic in 72 minutes.
Davydenko is still looking to reach his first final, but the win assures an all-top 10 semi-finals here for the first time since 1988.
Davydenko, the world number four, will face the winner of a match between world number one Roger Federer and American Andy Roddick for a place in the final.
The other semi-final will see Spaniard Rafael Nadal square off against Czech Tomas Berdych.
Federer and Roddick have played 16 times in their career dating to 2001 and the Swiss superstar owns a commanding 15-1 series lead, including 11 consecutive wins.
The 26-year-old Federer has not gone this deep into a season without a title since 2000.
Federer has enjoyed past success here, winning back-to-back titles from 2005-06 and finishing as runner-up in 2002,He carries a 30-7 overall mark at this hardcourt event into his match with Roddick, who has won just six of 43 sets played in the series.
Roddick, the 2004 champion, did not play a seeded player en route to his fifth quarter-final in nine career appearances here.
The 25-year-old American has enjoyed a solid season thus far, with an 18-3 mark and titles in San Jose and Dubai.
Defending champion Serena Williams advanced to the final of the WTA Sony Ericsson Open here Thursday, rallying for a 3-6, 7-5, 6-3 victory over Russian third seed Svetlana Kuznetsova.
The 26-year-old American, an eight-time Grand Slam champion, will try to defend her title Saturday against the winner of a later semi-final between Serbian fourth seed Jelena Jankovic and Russia's Vera Zvonareva.
Williams, who needed two hours, 46 minutes to subdue Kuznetsova, improved to 13-1 this year and will seek the 30th singles title of her career, and her fifth Miami title, having captured the crown here in 2002, 2003, 2004 and last year.
Williams was ousted in the Australian Open quarter-finals by Jankovic but bounced back to win her first title of the year at Bangalore.
I'm not 100 percent happy with the way I played today, said Williams, who was far less dominant than she was in beating world number one Justine Henin in the quarter-finals.
I mean, I'm glad I won, but I feel like I could have done a lot better.
I'm just going to try to make little adjustments.
Williams, who converted just five of 16 breakpoint chances, also had treatement after tweaking her back early in the match.
I just got stuck, like out of nowhere I just got stuck, the American said, adding that after the physio worked on her it improved.
Once she came out it got better straightaway, and it got even better after that, Williams said.
The players also were given a heat break during the match because of the steamy conditions.
I do think it was about being mentally tough and making the right shots at the right time and just never giving up, Williams said.
I played a really good opponent today who has been down several match points in this tournament already, so I knew going in she wasn't just going to give it to me.
The 2006 champion of this event, Kuznetsova was attempting to reach her third final in as many events, having finished as runner-up at Dubai and Indian Wells.
Jankovic is 0-3 in semi-final matches this season.
The Serbian, who admits that she has been sick this week, caught a break Wednesday when No. 10 Elena Dementieva - trailing 6-1, 3-1 - retired from their quarter-final match with a shoulder injury.
Jankovic, was just 3-5 in five prior appearances at this event and had never been beyond the third round.
Zvonareva, who defeated No. 13 Dinara Safina in straight sets Wednesday, has split four meetings with Jankovic.
The 23-year-old Russian already has reached two finals this season, most recently finishing as runner-up to Maria Sharapova at Doha.
Zvonareva also advanced to the championship match at the Tier IV Hobart tournament in January, but conceded a walkover win to Eleni Daniilidou after spraining her left ankle in practice.
Roger Federer saved two match points before suffering only his second career loss to Andy Roddick as the persistent American posted a win at the Miami Masters on Thursday.
Federer's record dropped to 15-2 against the American who had not beaten him since summer, 2003.
Roddick stunned the top seed to reach a semi-final against Russian Nikolay Davydenko, who beat Serb Janko Tipsarevic 6-2, 6-1.
Roddick relied in 17 aces as he upset the odds against the 12-time Grand Slam champion who has yet to win a title this season.
Roddick won the opening set in a tiebreaker with Federer then levelling at a set apiece.
In the third, Roddick's never-say-die fight paid dividends with a break for 5-3 and a long-sought victory three points later.
Federer's win streak against Roddick was stopped at 11 straight, identical to his run over LLeyton Hewitt and Davydenko.
Australia will play Ghana in a friendly in Sydney on May 23, Football Federation Australia.
The Socceroos will also take on China in a World Cup qualifying match in Sydney on June 22.
Australia are due to face Iraq in Brisbane on June 1 and will play away World Cup qualifiers against Iraq and Qatar on June 7 and 14.
Australia top the Group One standings with four points from two matches.
The Chicago Bulls took advantage of an ailing LeBron James to claw their way back from a 17-point deficit and beat the Cleveland Cavaliers 101-98 on Thursday.
James scored 32 points in the first three quarters but suffered back spasms in the fourth.
He managed to score only one point in the final quarter as the Bulls roared back to secure the win over the playoff-bound Cavs.
It just started to spasm, James told reporters.
If you ask anybody how bad that is for me, being the explosive player I am, it's tough to do some of the things I wanted to do, especially in the fourth quarter.
Hopefully I can try to get it better and get it ready for Saturday.
Chicago's Larry Hughes, acquired from the Cavaliers on Feb. 21, scored 25 points, eight rebounds and nine assists on his return to Cleveland.
Ben Gordon scored 24 points, including five late free throws, while Luol Deng and Andres Nocioni both had 15.
The Bulls said they were not about to quit despite a season of disappointment.
The whole season we're pros, let's act like pros and conduct ourselves in that matter and I thought tonight we really showed that, said Bulls interim coach Jim Boylan.
Zydrunas Ilgauskas added 23 points for the Cavaliers.
You got to give that team credit, Cleveland coach Mike Brown said of the Bulls.
That team did a heck of a job in the fourth quarter against us.
It's frustrating for me.
We were up by 17 points late and we had plenty of opportunities to put the game away.
Energie Cottbus prevailed 1-0 at MSV Duisburg on Friday night and with the first away win of the season got a big boost in their relegation battle.
Albanian striker Ervin Skela scored the winner with a diving header five minutes into the match as Cottbus claimed their third win in four matches - including a stunning 2-0 victory over leaders Bayern Munich last month.
Things are going well right now.
We already showed against Munich that we can match every team in the league.
Today's win was very important.
The early goal helped us, but we were very lucky as well.
We must now confirm this form in the next games, said Skela.
Duisburg, who had upset Werder Bremen last weekend, had several chances to get the equalizer, most notably on a freekick from Ivica Grlic in the 78th minute.
Duisburg remained in the drop zone in 16th place with 22 points, while Cottbus are now 14th with 26 points.
The other eight matches are Saturday and Sunday.
Munich, who lead by seven points, host mid-table VfL Bochum, while second-placed SV Hamburg face a difficult match at holders VfB Stuttgart.
Two early Bafetimbi Gomis goals helped St Etienne move up to fifth place in Ligue 1 with a 2-0 home win over strugglers Racing Lens on Wednesday.
Forward Gomis struck twice in the first 15 minutes under heavy rain to bring his season's tally to 13 league goals.
He first netted a powerful long-range shot on 13 minutes and doubled the advantage two minutes later, following up after an effort by Geoffrey Dernis was saved by Lens goalkeeper Vedran Runje.
St Etienne are on 46 points from 32 games and can still dream of winning a place in Europe.
Lens are 17th in the 20-strong league and hold the last safe spot with six games left but are out of the relegation zone only on goal difference.
France's Australian Open finalist Jo-Wilfried Tsonga was on Wednesday ruled out of this weekend's Davis Cup quarter-final against the USA because of a right knee injury.
Tsonga, who beat world number two Rafael Nadal in the Aussie Open semi-finals before losing to Novak Djokovic in the final, has been replaced by Arnaud Clement for the tie that gets underway here on Friday.
Tsonga felt pain in his right knee which was similar to the pain he felt playing doubles in Miami last week, said the French Tennis Federation .
Clement will team up with Michael Llodra in the doubles while Richard Gasquet and Paul-Henri Mathieu will play the singles rubbers.
Andy Roddick and James Blake will play singles for the USA while brothers Mike and Bob Bryan will play doubles.
This will be the 15th meeting in history between France and the USA with the French having won the last encounter in the 2002 semi-finals at Roland Garros.
The two countries split their 14 previous meetings with seven wins each.
They have faced each other nine times in the Davis Cup final.
The USA will be captained by Patrick McEnroe while Guy Forget will guide the French team.
Twice grand slam winner Amelie Mauresmo overcame a first-set wobble to defeat Agnieszka Radwanska 3-6 7-5 7-6 and reach the quarter-finals of the Amelia Island Championships on Thursday.
Mauresmo, seeded 11th, successfully landed 86 percent of her first serves in the opening set but her Polish opponent was able to record the only service break.
The 28-year-old Frenchwoman recovered in the second set and won the third-set tiebreak over the seventh seeded Radwanska 8-6.
In the quarters, Mauresmo will face the winner of the match later on Thursday between second seed Anna Chakvetadze and Dominika Cibulkova of Slovakia.
Favourites Bayern Munich scraped through to the semi-finals of the UEFA Cup after a heart-stopping extra-time away goals win over Getafe on Thursday.
Getafe played all but six minutes of the game with 10 men but looked to be heading for a famous victory.
Only for Bayern to twice come back from the dead first to force the game into extra time and then to snatch an equaliser to level the match 3-3.
Midfielder Cosmin Contra put Getafe ahead with a virtuoso solo goal just before halftime, but just as the home fans were celebrating a memorable upset Bayern midfielder Franck Ribery equalised in the 88th minute.
Getafe went for broke at the start of extra time and goals from midfielder Francisco Casquero and substitute Braulio put them 3-1 up within three minutes.
But striker Luca Toni pulled a goal back for Bayern late in the second period and struck again at the death to end Getafe's dreams and secure his side a semi-final showdown against Zenit St Petersburg.
I have to compliment Getafe and Laudrup as they played a great game and were on the point of humiliating us.
They were the best team tonight, said Bayern coach Ottmar Hitzfeld.
Getafe coach Michael Laudrup said his team was desperately disappointed at the cruel manner of their exit.
It is difficult to pick ourselves up after this but life goes on and after a couple of days the team will realise that they did something incredible out there, said the Dane.
The game at the Coliseo got off to a frantic start with Bayern almost going ahead inside the first minute when Toni had a close-range shot cleared off the line.
Getafe suffered a setback five minutes later when influential defender Ruben De la Red was sent off for bringing down Bayern striker Miroslav Klose as he bore down on goal
The home side were dealt another blow when Nigeria striker Ikechukwu Uche pulled a hamstring as he tried to chase a long kick up field and was replaced by centre back David Belenguer.
Getafe weathered the storm, however, and took a shock lead just before the break when Contra picked the ball up on the halfway line, cut between two defenders and lashed a fierce shot high into the net.
Visiting Bayern fans reacted violently to the goal by tearing up seats at one end of the stadium before they were quelled by the police.
Getafe should have extended their lead midway through the second half when substitute Braulio sprinted clear and rounded Oliver Kahn only to slip over on the wet turf as he lined up his shot.
They had several more chances to extend their lead late in the second half and paid the price when Ribery snapped home just over a minute from time to force extra time.
Instead of wilting in the face of the disappointment, Getafe piled forward into attack at the start of extra time
Casquero restored the home side's lead with a wonderful strike from the edge of the area and Braulio hit a third almost straight from the restart.
But Bayern were thrown a lifeline five minutes from the end when Getafe keeper Roberto Abbondanzieri dropped a Mark van Bommel cross at the feet of Toni and the Italian striker fired in from close range.
With time running out keeper Kahn piled forward into the opposition area, disrupted the Getafe defence as he got a touch on the ball and Toni headed in to earn his side a remarkable comeback win.
Striker Luca Toni scored twice late in extra time against Getafe on Thursday to spare Bayern Munich's blushes and send the four-times European champions into a UEFA Cup semi-final with Zenit St Petersburg.
The Italian's double strike put favourites Bayern through on away goals after a thrilling 3-3 draw in Spain against a Getafe side who, despite the early dismissal of defender Ruben De la Red, had looked on course to continue a fine first season in European competition.
Bayern now take on Russian champions Zenit St Petersburg, the only team left in the competition never to have won a major European trophy.
Zenit eased through 4-2 on aggregate against Bayer Leverkusen, despite losing their home leg 1-0 on Thursday.
Prolific Romania striker Adrian Mutu sent Fiorentina, losing finalists in 1990, into a last four meeting with Rangers after his double strike sealed a 2-0 away win at PSV Eindhoven for a 3-1 aggregate success.
Rangers won 2-0 in Lisbon against Sporting after a goalless first leg in Glasgow.
Bayern had French winger Franck Ribery, as well as Toni, to thank for their lifeline.
Trailing to Cosmin Contra's late first-half goal at the Coliseo, Ribery struck just over a minute from time.
Then, in a thrilling extra period, Getafe took a 3-1 lead with strikes from Francisco Casquero and Braulio.
Bayern were given hope five minutes from the end when Getafe keeper Roberto Abbondanzieri dropped a Mark van Bommel cross at the feet of Toni and he fired in from close range.
With time running out keeper Oliver Kahn piled forward into the opposition area, disrupted the Getafe defence as he got a touch on the ball and Toni headed in to earn his side a remarkable comeback win.
Rangers have already won the Scottish League Cup this season and are in pole position to reclaim the league title from arch rivals Celtic.
Their victory over Sporting, with second-half goals from Jean-Claude Darchville and Steven Whittaker, was somewhat tarnished by yellow cards for captain Barry Ferguson and fellow midfielder Kevin Thomson which will rule them out of the semi-final first leg at Ibrox on April 24 through suspension.
Fiorentina will also be without midfielder Marco Donadel through suspension for the opening leg.
Two well taken goals from Mutu gave the Florence side a deserved win in Eindhoven.
Mutu struck with a free kick late in the first half and sealed the tie with a fine curling finish on 53 minutes.
The important thing is to have gone through but then I am very happy with my goals, especially the first which was really great, Mutu told La7 television.
We are proud of being the last Italian side in Europe and now we will try and go to the end.
Zenit could not replicate their exhilarating display in Germany last week but did enough at their Petrovsky stadium to reach the last four for the first time.
Russia striker Dmitri Bulykin gave Leverkusen some hope after their first-leg drubbing with an 18th-minute header but the German side's challenge petered out.
Zenit wasted the chance to secure a draw on the night when Anatoliy Tymoschuk's tame 85th-minute penalty was comfortably saved by Rene Adler.
India's Jeev Milkha Singh was in upbeat mood after ending Thursday's first round at the U.S. Masters three shots off the early pace.
The Chandigarh native, who became the first Indian to play at Augusta National Golf Club last year in the opening major of the season, birdied three of the four par-fives on his way to a one-under-par 71.
I drove the ball very well and hit it to the right places, the 36-year-old told reporters.
A few mistakes I think you're allowed on this course and I'm pretty pleased with my round.
I had a few chances but these greens are tough.
You can't be too aggressive out there.
I left some short but I'm still happy with one under par today.
Singh, who tied for 37th on his Masters debut last year, set the tone for a solid round by rolling in a 20-footer to save par on the opening hole.
That got me going, said the 2006 Asian Tour number one, who mixed four birdies with three bogeys on a soft Augusta layout playing extra long.
British Open champion Padraig Harrington of Ireland carded a 74 and Canada's Mike Weir, winner of the 2003 Masters, a 73.
It's the best score in five rounds for me here at Augusta National, Singh said.
Under par on this course is always good.
I'll try to do the same tomorrow and maintain my process and routine.
India's Sania Mirza will undergo wrist surgery later on Thursday, her representatives said. 
The world number 31 has struggled with the problem for over a year and will undergo arthroscopy in Miami, they said in a statement.
Mirza, the only Indian player to win a WTA tour event, is expected to be out of action for a month.
The Asia number one has struggled with a series of injuries and was sidelined for two months following knee surgery in March 2007.
Nigeria named Shaibu Amodu on Thursday as head coach of the national team two months after German manager Bertis Vogts left following a poor African Nations Cup performance in Ghana.
Amodu, who is returning to the job after two previous stints in 1996 and 2000, has a mandate to qualify Nigeria for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa and the African Cup of Nations in Angola, the FA said.
Amodu will be assisted by former internationals Daniel Amokachi, an assistant coach at domestic league champions Enyimba, Alloy Agu, Enyimba's goalkeeping trainer and Fatai Amoo manager of premier league side Sunshine Stars.
They must qualify the Super Eagles for the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations and World Cup and must excel in both championships, Nigeria FA chairman Abdullahi Sani Lulu said.
Amodu's last time in charge was in 2002 when he qualified the Super Eagles for the World Cup finals.
He was fired less than four months before the start of soccer's biggest tournament after Nigeria, a twice African Nations Cup winner and favourite to win the continent's top prize in Mali, finished a disappointing third.
Amodu's first game will be in June when Nigeria play South Africa in a World Cup qualifier.
An envoy of the International Automobile Federation, Piero Sadono, during a visit to Makassar on April 7-10, promised to support the city's candidacy in the 2008-2009 period to host the World Rally Championship in 2010 as well as the event's organization.
Mr Piero Sodano will assist Indonesia for two years to prepare the nation as candidate host in meeting all the requirements for the organization of the rally, Solihin Jusuf Kalla, president director of BMI, the event's promoter, said in a statement here on Friday.
The target, he said, was to make Indonesia the best host country for the series of competitions for the Asia Pacific Rally Championship 2008 and improve its capabilities in 2009 and later be ready to host the WRC 2010.
Kevin Kuranyi hit four goals to help Schalke 04 end a traumatic seven-day spell with a 5-0 rout of Energie Cottbus in the Bundesliga on Tuesday.
Schalke, who sacked coach Mirko Slomka on Sunday after losing 5-1 to Werder Bremen and going out to Barcelona in the Champions League, stayed third in the table thanks to a virtuoso display from Germany striker Kuranyi.
Victory kept them within two points of second-placed Werder, who clinched a 2-1 win at Hansa Rostock when Ivan Klasnic turned in the rebound after Naldo's penalty was saved.
Bayern Munich, who visit Eintracht Frankfurt on Wednesday, lead with 60 points from 28 games and are on course for a 21st league title.
Werder have 53 points from 29, with Schalke on 51 in the third and final Champions League slot.
Hamburg SV, fourth on 48 points, also missed a late penalty as they drew 0-0 at Hertha Berlin.
Schalke made the most of a large slice of luck in the 31st minute against Cottbus.
Marcelo Bordon's header from a free kick was going nowhere until Vragel da Silva inexplicably diverted it into his own net.
Kuranyi, whose place in Germany's squad has been called into question during a disappointing season, then took over the first match under caretaker coaches Mike Bueskens and Youri Mulder.
The 26-year-old prodded in a Fabian Ernst cross before blasting the third goal with a right-footer from the edge of the area four minutes before the break.
Kuranyi completed his hat-trick just before the hour and rounded off the scoring with a header from Rafinha's cross 10 minutes from time.
I'm delighted to score so many goals but this was all about the team performance, he told reporters.
It was only because we played so well that I was able to score so many.
Werder had to work hard to maintain their two-point advantage in second spot.
Torsten Frings gave them the lead with a 25-metre shot that went in off the post in the 57th minute.
Sebastian Haehnge equalised in the 76th but Frings won a penalty with eight minutes to go and Klasnic spared Naldo's blushes when he raced in to convert after a good save from the keeper.
France striker Karim Benzema sent Ligue 1 leaders Olympique Lyon into the French Cup semi-finals on Tuesday with a 1-0 home win over Metz.
Lyon, four points clear at the top of the league, stay on course for their first domestic double.
The 20-year-old Benzema collected the ball inside the area with his back to the goal and swiftly turned around to score the winner six minutes from the break.
Metz, bottom of Ligue 1 and already relegated, fought bravely and created many chances with a powerful shot by substitute forward Daniel Gygax forcing a superb save from Gregory Coupet with 10 minutes left.
A late Roy Contout goal gave Amiens a 1-0 win over Ligue 2 rivals Dijon in earlier quarter-final action.
The striker scored from the edge of the box with two minutes remaining.
Girondins Bordeaux, second to Lyon in the league standings, take on Ligue 2 Sedan on Wednesday while fifth division Carquefou play Ligue 1 strugglers Paris St Germain.
The Beijing Olympic torch flew into Islamabad in the early hours of Wednesday on the Pakistani leg of the torch's international journey.
The torch was flown from Oman to the Pakistani capital on a special chartered flight and was welcomed at Islamabad international airport by bearers of the Pakistan Olympic Association, prominent athletes and government officials.
An inaugural ceremony for the torch relay is scheduled to be held on Wednesday afternoon in the Chinese-aided Jinnah Sports Complex.
Tiger Woods, who is fresh off a second-place finish at the 2008 Masters, will miss at least four weeks of the PGA Tour after undergoing surgery on his left knee.
Woods, who has had problems with his left knee previously, underwent arthroscopic surgery on Tuesday in Park City, Utah.
Woods hopes to recover in time to compete in the US Open at San Diego, June 12-15.
Spain's MotoGP leader Jorge Lorenzo said on Tuesday he was willing to ride with just one good arm at the next race in China on May 4.
The 20-year-old - who recorded his first career victory in the Portuguese MotoGp on Sunday in only his third race at that level - underwent an operation on Monday on a muscle in his right forearm.
On leaving the hospital Lorenzo - who is level on 61 points with compatriot Dani Pedrosa in the standings - told the waiting media that he was prepared to ride in the Shanghai race even if only one arm was operational.
Former world number one Amelie Mauresmo will make her return for France in their Fed Cup World Grup play-off in Tokyo from April 26-27.
France captain Georges Goven has also selected Alize Cornet, Virginie Razzano and Nathalie Dechy for the tie.
The line-up does not include French number one Marion Bartoli, who refuses to play Fed Cup, and Tatiana Golovin, who is recovering from hip surgery.
Mauresmo was called up for the first round tie in China in February but opted to concentrate on her individual game after a lengthy injury-affected slump.
Amelie always said that it was exceptional that she did not play the match against China.
She has always been impeccable leader in this team, a model teammate, said Goven.
The two teams have met seven times, most recently in last year's first round in Limoges, when the French won 5-0 for the loss of just one set.
Since they first meeting in 1965, Japan have won just once against the two-time champions.
Portugal's 2004 Champions League winners FC Porto signed Cape Verde defender Rolando Jorge Pires da Fonseca on a four year contract on Tuesday from rivals Belenenses.
The 22-year-old's contract with Belenenses ran till the end of the present campaign.
Everything has been sorted out, said Porto president Jorge Pinto da Costa.
Rolando will play for Porto for the next four seasons.
Porto have been crowned champions already this season, they are 18 points clear of their nearest challengers Vitoria Guimaraes with four matches remaining.
Former world doubles number one Ai Sugiyama will lead Japan's bid for Fed Cup victory against France, as the teams vie for a place in the elite World Group next season, officials said Wednesday.
Sugiyama, currently ranked 38 in singles, will join Akiko Morigami, Aiko Nakamura and Ayumi Morita for the tie on the hard courts of Tokyo's Ariake Coliseum, the Japan Tennis Assocation said.
Sugiyama skipped the World Group II first round tie against Croatia in February, saying she wanted to concentrate on winning enough points to qualify for the Beijing Olympics.
We have the same feeling that we can beat France.
We lost to France last year, so I really want to avenge that loss, Sugiyama was quoted by coach Minoru Ueda as saying.
Sugiyama, who reached a career-high of number eight in the world rankings in February 2004 and also reached the top women's doubles ranking in October 2000, lost two singles matches and a doubles clash in a 5-0 defeat for Japan in the World Group last year in Limoges, France.
Morigami, who won her first tour singles title in Prague last year, is currently ranked 51, Nakamura 81 and Morita 99.
The pair of Sugiyama and Morita is the best choice.
All the four players can play the singles.
We still have time.
I'm going to choose the singles players at the last moment, said Ueda.
France, two-time Fed Cup winners, on Tuesday named former world number one Amelie Mauresmo, up-and-coming Alize Cornet, Nathalie Dechy, and Virginie Razzano, who shocked Venus Williams in the final to win the Japan Open in October.
Valencia rescued a miserable season by claiming their seventh King's Cup with a 3-1 final win over Getafe on Wednesday.
Ronald Koeman's side, who have been dragged into the relegation battle after three successive league defeats, went 2-0 up within 12 minutes thanks to goals from midfielder Juan Mata and centre back Alexis.
Getafe, who lost to Sevilla in last season's final, were thrown a lifeline when Esteban Granero scored from the spot on the stroke of halftime.
The goal gave Michael Laudrup's team a new lease of life and they put their opponents under severe pressure in the second half but it was Valencia who struck again, substitute Fernando Morientes heading in with seven minutes left.
The night ended on a low note for Getafe when midfielder Fabio Celestini was sent off just before the final whistle.
Luca Toni struck twice to help Bayern Munich secure a 3-1 comeback win at Eintracht Frankfurt on Wednesday to take a big step closer to their 21st German league title.
Bayern fell behind to a Benjamin Koehler goal in the first half but a Daniel van Buyten header and Toni's 19th and 20th Bundesliga goals of the season saw the Bavarians home.
Victory restored Bayern's 10-point lead at the top of the table and with only five matches left it looks a question of when rather than if they will clinch the title.
Werder Bremen are second on 53 points after winning 2-1 at Hansa Rostock on Tuesday while Schalke 04 are in the third and final Champions League slot on 51 following their 5-0 victory over Energie Cottbus.
Hamburg SV, who drew 0-0 at Hertha Berlin on Tuesday, are fourth on 48 points, ahead of VfB Stuttgart on goal difference after the outgoing champions won 3-0 at home to bottom club Nuremberg on Wednesday.
Bayer Leverkusen's hopes of getting back in the race for Champions League places took a blow when they lost 1-0 at Arminia Bielefeld.
Top seed and holder Jelena Jankovic weathered a tight first set before crushing American qualifier Alexandra Stevenson 7-5 6-0 in the Family Circle Cup second round on Wednesday.
After initially struggling to cope with Stevenson's unconventional backhand, the 23-year-old Serb took control to wrap up victory in one hour 22 minutes.
Her backhand was really good and I kept hitting to her backhand which was wrong, world number five Jankovic told reporters.
That's what happens when you don't know the player well but then I found my way.
I saw how she was playing, her strengths and weaknesses and I was able to play the tactics a lot better.
Jankovic, runner-up to Serena Williams at this month's Sony Ericsson Open in Miami, next meets Russian Anastasia Rodionova, a 6-3 6-4 winner against Aravane Rezai of France.
I played her here last year and I thought that was a very easy match, said Jankovic, who is playing on clay for the first time this season.
But every match is different.
I'm just trying to get my timing and trying to see how to play on clay.
It's a different game and you have to really know how to move well.
Poland's Agnieszka Radwanska, the 11th seed, battled from a set down to beat Edina Gallovits of Romania 6-7 6-2 7-5 in a fluctuating encounter lasting two-and-a-half hours.
Fourth seed Elena Dementieva of Russia swept past American Jill Craybas 6-0 6-2 and seventh-seeded Swiss Patty Schnyder beat Olga Govortsova of Belarus 7-6 6-0.
Ninth seed Vera Zvonareva of Russia hammered Spaniard Virginia Ruano Pascual 6-1 6-0 and 13th-seeded Victoria Azarenka of Belarus won 7-6 6-0 against China's Sun Tiantian.
Second-seeded Russian Maria Sharapova, fresh from her first claycourt title at Amelia Island on Sunday, was scheduled to face American Bethanie Mattek in an evening match.
Holders Sporting booked their place in the Portuguese Cup final when they come from behind to beat Lisbon rivals Benfica 5-3 in a thrilling semi-final on Wednesday.
Five goals in the second half secured Sporting's path into the May 18 final with Porto at the National Stadium near Lisbon.
Porto, who have already been crowned league champions, beat Vitoria Setubal 3-0 in the other semi-final on Tuesday.
Benfica went ahead after 19 minutes through playmaker Rui Costa, whose close range shot went through the legs of keeper Rui Patricio.
Benfica doubled the lead before halftime when striker Nuno Gomes headed home a cross from Brazilian defender Leo.
In a spectacular reaction in the second half, Sporting levelled the score with goals by winger Yannick Djalo after 67 minutes and Brazilian striker Liedson on 76.
Brazilian-born striker Derlei, who came off the bench after being sidelined for seven and a half months through injury, put Sporting in front, tapping in a cross in the 79th minute.
Benfica equalised again three minutes later with a long-range effort by Uruguayan midfielder Cristian Rodriguez.
Sporting made sure of their 25th appearance in the final with goals by Djalo in the 85th minute and Montenegrin Simon Vukcevic in stoppage time.
Former Portuguese international striker Pedro Pauleta saved ailing French football giants once again on Wednesday as he came off the bench to score the only goal in a 1-0 win and end lower league side Carquefou's dreams of French Cup glory.
The 34-year-old marksman has been the standout player for the Parisian outfit this season - which hasn't been hard as they fight against relegation - and his goal gives them hopes of at least achieving a cup double this term, having won the League Cup earlier this season.
PSG lived dangerously though after establishing their lead and Carquefou should have levelled four minutes from time but somehow PSG 'keeper Jerome Alonzo blocked the ball at close range three times.
Whilst Carquefou may feel hard done by as they certainly penetrated the PSG area on several occasions, the team made up of students, bankers and even a barman can rest on their laurels having eliminated Marseille in the previous round and have earned around 600,000 euros for their exploits - their budget for this season was only 500,000.
Pauleta, though, rested determined that the Cup was a distraction.
Cup matches are very difficult to play and to score in, said Pauleta, Staying in the top division remains the priority, and its good for the morale.
Bordeaux's hopes of the domestic double came crashing to earth earlier on Wednesday when they lost to Second Division Sedan - finalists of the competition in 2005 - on penalties after the match finished 0-0 following extra-time.
Bordeaux coach Laurent Blanc, whose side trail leaders Lyon by four points with five matches remaining, called on his side to rebound straight away from the reverse.
When we play three matches in a week, it is the third that worries me the most.
Therefore from Thursday we have to regroup, I hope that the boys are going to come out of this accepting that it was just a blip.
His Sedan counterpart Jose Pasqualetti can by contrast dream of a perfect end to his two years in charge of the 'Wild Boars' as he announced after the match that he was going to resign at the end of the campaign despite being offered a new contract.
I have a wife I love, I have children and a grandchild who I adore and I miss my family, the 51-year-old said.
I work in a fabulous sport, an extraordinary one that allows me to earn a 
living but in life, there is not only money, there is also a family, added the Corsican.
Lyon had unlike Bordeaux on Tuesday remained on for the domestic double when they edged First Division tailenders Metz 1-0.
 French striker Karim Benzema scoring with a brilliant piece of skill inside the penalty area in the 52nd minute.
Benzema, though, was frank about what remained the top priority of the club, that once again failed to deliver in the Champions League this term.
The French Cup is important to us but we also want to win the seventh league title in a row for the club and remains our priority, said the young talent, who should be one of France's stars at this year's Euro 2008 finals.
I hope of course that we do achieve the double as that is something the club has never done before, he added.
They had been joined on Tuesday in the last four when lower division Amiens beat fellow non championship side Dijon 1-0.
Fifteen-year-old Ryan Harrison has set his sights on an upset victory over fellow American James Blake to keep his dream run alive at this week's U.S. Clay Court Championships.
The qualifier is on course to face the world number nine in Thursday's second round after joining Spaniard Rafael Nadal and Frenchman Richard Gasquet as the only players since 1990 to win ATP matches under the age of 16.
Before that, though, top-seeded Blake must win his opening match against Japanese wildcard Kei Nishikori later on Wednesday.
I feel like I have a good chance, Harrison said of his prospects against Blake, a winner of 10 ATP career titles.
If I play at the level that I played two days ago, then I have a chance for a win.
Texan resident Harrison stunned Uruguay's Pablo Cuevas 6-4 6-3 in Monday's first round, having lost just eight games in qualifying wins over Phillip King and Alex Reichel.
The pressure is on them to win against me I guess, added Harrison, replying to on-line questions on ESPN Sport's Web site.
There isn't a whole lot of pressure on me.
I just go out there and play.
Harrison was delighted to qualify in Houston on his ATP debut.
That was my main goal, he said.
After that, I wanted to play as well as I can.
I always feel I can beat anybody that I play.
I am comfortable on clay so it wasn't something that I was bothered by, Harrison added, referring to his surprise victory over 95th-ranked Cuevas.
I knew it was a match that I could go out there and win so I played as hard as I could.
Aged 15 years, 11 months and seven days, Harrison broke Cuevas three times in the opening set on Monday before sweeping to victory in just under an hour.
It feels really good to have the whole experience and it also feels good to have people looking up to you, he added.
But as much as I'm enjoying this My upcoming goal is to beat my next opponent.
Top seed James Blake eased into the U.S. Clay Court Championships second round but fellow American Sam Querrey, the fourth seed, made an early exit on Wednesday.
Blake, the world number nine, beat Japanese wildcard Kei Nishikori 6-4 6-4 in an evening match to set up a meeting with 15-year-old American Ryan Harrison on Thursday.
Harrison had stunned Uruguay's Pablo Cuevas 6-4 6-3 in Monday's first round to join Spaniard Rafael Nadal and Frenchman Richard Gasquet as the only players since 1990 to win ATP matches under the age of 16.
Big-serving Querrey squandered a 2-0 lead in the decisive set before losing 5-7 6-4 6-4 to Chilean Nicolas Massu in a tight contest lasting two hours, 48 minutes.
Massu, making his third appearance at an event where he reached the final on his debut in 2000, broke back twice in the third set to secure victory.
I played well and it could have gone either way, Querrey, 20, told reporters.
It was a tough match.
I didn't serve my best but, other than that, it was pretty good.
I'm not too disappointed, added the towering American who clinched his first ATP title at last month's Las Vegas Open.
Massu, 28, next faces Brazil's Marcos Daniel, a 6-3 6-4 winner over Serb Viktor Troicki.
In other first-round matches, Australia's Peter Luczak beat qualifier Harel Levy of Israel 6-4 6-4 and Chilean Paul Capdeville brushed aside Argentina's Diego Hartfield 6-0 6-4.
Eighth-seeded Spaniard Oscar Hernandez scraped past American Donald Young 6-4 6-4 in a second-round encounter.
Mardy Fish, the third seed, was playing fellow American Hugo Armando in an evening match for a spot in the third round.
All Indonesian men's doubles completed successfully the first round of the Badminton Asia Championship 2008 taking place on the Bandaraya Stadium, Johor Bahru, on Thursday.
Two judo players from South Sumatra who will compete for the upcoming 17th National Sports Week will take part in the Asia Cup to be held in South Korea on April 21-25.
We will take part in the event along with two other judo players from Jakarta, one of the two, Peter Taslim said on Thursday.
He said he has reported on the planned participation at the event to the provincial chapter of the Indonesia's National Sports Committee.
Indonesian singles shuttler, Sony Kuncoro, advanced to the finals after trouncing Taiwanese opponent Hsieh Yu Shin in the 2008 Asian Badminton Championships in Johor Bahru stadium Thursday evening.
Sony said he was in perfect health, and could easily defeat his opponent.
With the victory, he has to face Malaysia's Muhammad Hafiz Hasim.
Chelsea kept their title hopes alive when they beat Everton 1-0 at Goodison Park on Thursday with a first-half goal from Michael Essien.
The victory lifted Chelsea, who have three matches to play, on to 78 points, two behind leaders Manchester United who have a game in hand.
Manchester United visit Chelsea on April 26.
Defeat dented Everton's chances of catching Liverpool and securing fourth spot and a Champions League qualifying berth next season.
With three matches to play, fifth-placed Everton have 61 points, five behind Liverpool, who have a game in hand.
The only goal of a dour match came with Chelsea's first shot on target after 41 minutes.
Shaun Wright-Phillips's reverse pass into the box was deflected into Essien's path and the Ghanaian midfielder chested the ball down before lifting it over goalkeeper Tim Howard.
Essien was also on target in Chelsea's 1-1 draw with Wigan Athletic at Stamford Bridge on Monday, when a late Wigan equaliser dented Chelsea's title aspirations.
Chelsea manager Avram Grant made five changes from Monday, but Frank Lampard and Didier Drogba were both out of the side, Lampard for family reasons and Drogba through injury.
Chelsea were still a little too sharp for Everton, but although they stretched their unbeaten league run to 18 matches, Chelsea will fail in their title bid if United win their next two matches at Blackburn Rovers and Chelsea.
Neither side produced much of note and Everton rarely threatened to score as they bid to beat Chelsea for the first time in 20 matches dating back to May 2001.
Everton manager David Moyes told his club's Web site afterwards he was disappointed with the result.
We didn't play well enough to take anything out of the game, he said.
You never want to lose a goal but before the break it makes it a little bit more difficult.
It's hard to get goals against them.
The match was moved to Thursday to suit TV schedules and Chelsea paid for their fans' tickets and travel costs for making the journey to Merseyside.
Steady rain did not stop world number one Roger Federer from cruising into the quarter-finals of the Estoril Open with a 6-3 6-2 win over Romania's Victor Hanescu on Thursday.
Federer's match was played in the rain but was not halted at any stage by the umpire.
The 26-year-old Swiss, who recently employed clay court expert Jose Higueras to help him recover from a sluggish start to the 2008 season, will next meet the winner of a match between unseeded Portuguese players Joao Sousa and Frederico Gil.
World number four Nikolay Davydenko of Russia, Estoril title winner in 2003, had already reached the last eight of the clay court tournament with a 2-6 6-2 6-4 win over Czech Ivo Minar late on Wednesday.
Former champion Justin Leonard made the most of ideal conditions and a relaxed frame of mind to charge into a share of the lead at the Heritage Classic in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina on Thursday.
Four days after battling gusting winds to tie for 20th at the U.S. Masters, Leonard fired a sparkling five-under-par 66 to set the first-round pace with fellow Americans Lucas Glover and five-times winner Davis Love III.
American Stewart Cink, the 2004 champion, was a further stroke adrift along with nine others, including compatriots Anthony Kim, John Rollins and Charles Howell III, plus Colombia's Camilo Villegas.
It was a nice day, and wonderful weather-wise, Leonard, 35, told reporters after hitting a five-iron to two feet at the last to set up his sixth birdie of the day on the picturesque Harbour Town Golf Links.
It was great to play without a whole lot of wind after last week when you play so defensively.
You come here and play a little more aggressively.
Asked to compare this week's PGA Tour event with the opening major of the year at Augusta National, Leonard replied:
Last week was like final exams and this week is like spring break.
You come here and it's such a relaxed atmosphere.
We go on bike rides and do a lot of fun stuff with the kids.
Golf is almost secondary here.
For me, it's pretty easy to get in the mindset of coming here and kind of leaving some of the baggage from last week behind and get over here, relax and play a great golf course.
Leonard, winner of the 2002 Heritage Classic, said his most significant hole of the round was the par-four 10th where he chipped in to save par.
I hit a bad tee shot there, hooked it in the water, he said.
Among the other big names, American world number nine Jim Furyk opened with a 68 and third-ranked South African Ernie Els battled to a 72.
American Boo Weekley, who won last year's title with spectacular chip-ins to save par on the final two holes, started with a four-birdie 69.
Former Formula One world champion Michael Schumacher tips Ferrari drivers Kimi Raikkonen and Felipe Massa as favourites to win next week's Spanish Grand Prix.
The former Ferrari driver said on his homepage after the end of test drives in Barcelona Wednesday evening the Italian team had a slight advantage going into the race on April 27.
Three teams - Ferrari, McLaren-Mercedes and BMW-Sauber - would be fighting for the championship, which is good for the sport, he said.
Schumacher, a seven-time world champion, has been acting as adviser for Ferrari since retiring at the end of the 2006 season.
On Wednesday he took part in test drives in Ferrari's F2008 car at the Circuit de Catalunya near Barcelona.
The Spanish Grand Prix will be the fourth of the season.
Raikkonen leads the drivers' championship on 19 points, ahead of Nick Heidfeld on 16 and Lewis Hamilton on 14.
Heavy rain Thursday spoilt the fourth and final day of Formula One testing at the Montmelo circuit, which will host the fourth grand prix of the season on April 27.
Times recorded by the Ferrari of reigning world champion Kimi Raikkonen, Heikki Kovalainen in a McLaren, Robert Kubica of BMW Sauber and Nelson Piquet Jr in a Renault were at least three seconds slower than those of the first three days.
Only Australia's Mark Webber, in a Red Bull, put in a respectable time, of 1min 21.53secs in the morning, before the rain began lashing the track.
Renault's two-time world champion Fernando Alonso expressed satisfaction with modifications to his car, which allowed him to record the best time of the week on Wednesday.
But he remained cautious about prospects for the rest of season, noting that the French team was in fourth place in the constructors race, behind Ferrari, McLaren and BMW.
After a poor start to the season, Alonso, who gave way to Piquet for testing on Thursday, recently threatened to quit the team at the end of 2008 unless he had a more competitive car.
World number nine James Blake moved into the U.S. Clay Court Championships quarter-finals by defeating 15-year-old Ryan Harrison in straight sets on Thursday.
Harrison, a qualifier, had beaten Uruguay's Pablo Cuevas in the first round to become one of only three players under the age of 16, to win an ATP match.
But the Texan resident was no match for top seed Blake who ran out a 6-3 6-2 winner and will face Argentine Agustin Calleri in the last eight.
Calleri, the number five seed, defeated Chilean Paul Capdeville 6-2 6-1 to book his quarter-final spot.
American Wayne Odesnik reached his first career ATP quarter-final with a 6-3 7-5 win over sixth-seeded Israeli Dudi Sela.
Odesnik will be up against Argentine Sergio Roitman, who advanced with a 6-3 7-6 win over Russian Igor Kunitsyn.
Spain's Marcel Granollers-Pujol defeated Australia's Peter Luczak 6-3 6-2 and will next face Brazilian Marcos Daniel.
Serena Williams wince through a sprained ankle and a first-set wobble to beat Slovenia's Katarina Srebotnik 4-6 6-4 6-3 and reach the Family Circle Cup quarter-finals on Thursday.
The fifth-seeded American won the last eight points to set up a clash with Russian number two seed Maria Sharapova, who defeated Ukrainian Tatiana Perebiynis 7-5 6-2.
I'll tell you how I feel, seeing that I fell and I'll see how I feel, Williams told reporters.
When you're playing and with the adrenaline, you can't really assess yourself.
Williams blasted 11 aces and converted four of nine break-point opportunities in the two-hour, 13-minute match against 12th-seeded Srebotnik.
Top seed and holder Jelena Jankovic of Serbia made quick work of Russian Anastasia Rodionova, winning their third-round match 6-0 6-2 in 52 minutes.
Russia's fourth-seeded Elena Dementieva and ninth seed Vera Zvonareva of Russia, seventh-seeded Patty Schnyder of Switzerland, 10th seed Agnes Szavay of Hungary and unseeded Alize Cornet of France also advanced to the last eight.
Sharapova won her first career claycourt title on Sunday by beating Dominika Cibulkova at Amelia Island.
The Russian, who reached the quarter-finals despite double-faulting to give Perebiynis a set point in the first set, has a 2-4 win-loss record against Williams.
The Chicago Bulls sacked interim coach Jim Boylan on Thursday after a disappointing NBA season.
Boylan, who had been an assistant coach since 2004, took over as head coach on Dec. 27 after Scott Skiles was sacked.
Letting a coach go is never easy.
Jim was put in a difficult position on Dec. 27, without the luxury of having a training camp and with some of the issues that arose during his time as head coach, said Bulls executive vice president of basketball operations John Paxson in a statement.
I think during the time he coached this year, Jim showed he is very capable in that role and I hope he gets that opportunity again in the future.
He certainly has the tools it takes to succeed at this level, he added.
The Bulls have not yet named a replacement.
Serena Williams reached the Family Circle Cup semi-finals on Friday by beating number two seed Maria Sharapova 7-5 4-6 6-1.
The Russian, who won only nine of 35 points in a final set during which Williams made only one unforced error, lost to the American for the fifth time in seven career matches.
Williams, seeded fifth, blasted 11 aces and successfully landed 65 percent of her first serves during the two-hour, 30-minute affair to set up a clash with France's unseeded Alize Cornet who upset 10th seed Agnes Szavay of Hungary.
Sharapova and Williams came into the match in form.
The Russian last week clinched her first clay court title, beating Dominika Cibulkova in the final on green clay at Amelia Island, while the American also won her last tournament, two weeks ago at Miami.
Sharapova was happy to take the positives from a tough loss the day before her 21st birthday, saying: Considering the success she's had on clay, she was obviously the favourite .
The Russian had a chance to win the first set 6-4 but failed to take it and although she won the second and battled to the end Williams finished much stronger to close out the match.
If I did take that set point or if I had taken a couple of those important points, I would have won the second and the match would been over in two.
So, you know, that's the way it goes and that's the beauty of tennis.
Top seed Jelena Jankovic of Serbia was due to face Russian number nine seed Vera Zvonareva later on Friday while the match between another Russian, fourth seed Elena Dementieva, and Swiss seventh seed Patty Schnyder was in progress.
World number one Roger Federer and Nikolay Davydenko shrugged off the rain to reach the semi-finals of the Estoril Open clay court tournament on Friday.
Despite a series of unforced errors, Federer took advantage of two match interruptions caused by rain to improve his game and beat Portuguese player Frederico Gil 6-4 6-1 under the gaze of his new coach and clay court expert Jose Higueras.
Gil played an excellent set and a half, said Federer, Thank God I could use the rain delays to improve my level of play.
The 26-year-old Swiss will meet unseeded Denis Gremelmayr of Germany on Saturday.
A visibly irritated and tired Davydenko struggled to overcome Frenchman Marc Gicquel's powerful baseline game 6-4 5-7 6-3 in a gruelling two and a half hour match.
I was tired and really nervous because of the weather.
Every point that I missed, every easy mistake, I was feeling more crazy, said Davydenko, the world number four and a winner in Estoril in 2003.
But I was fighting until the end and I won the match.
The Russian said his mental strength helped him overcome his exhaustion and the adverse weather conditions.
I think it's the biggest strength I have, said Davydenko, who won the Miami title two weeks against over world number two Rafael Nadal.
He will play Florent Serra of France in Saturday's other semi-final.
Malaysia will host the inaugural, eight-nation Intercontinental Cup featuring three Olympic hopefuls next month, organisers said on Friday.
Nigeria, Argentina and Australia, who have all qualified for the Beijing Games, top the bill at the May 15-25 under-23 tournament also featuring Ireland.
Iraq, Croatia and Ghana, along with hosts Malaysia.
Reigning Olympic champions Argentina head Group B while 1996 gold-medallists Nigeria are favourites in Group A.
American Lucas Glover overcame a sluggish start to move one shot clear in the Heritage Classic second round at Hilton Head Island, South Carolina on Friday.
In calm morning conditions at the Harbour Town Golf Links, the 28-year-old fired a second successive five-under-par 66 for a 10-under total of 132 in his bid for a second PGA Tour title.
The long-hitting Glover, one of three players tied for the lead overnight, hit a superb approach to within a foot on his final hole for a tap-in birdie three to finish a stroke in front of defending champion Boo Weekley.
It's a good score but I made a pretty slow start, Glover told reporters after piling up six birdies and a lone bogey at the par-four 10th, his first hole.
My wedge and my putter kind of saved the round.
American James Blake eased into the semi-finals of the U.S Clay Court Championship on Friday after a comfortable 6-4 6-3 win over Argentine Agustin Calleri.
The top seeded world number eight will face Oscar Hernandez of Spain in Saturday's semi-finals.
Hernandez made the last four for the first time in an ATP event after he upset third seed, and 2006 champion, Mardy Fish 6-2 7-6.
American Wayne Odesnik and Spain's Marcel Granollers-Pujol will meet in the other semi-final.
Odesnik came from behind for a 2-6 7-6 6-1 win over Argentine Sergio Roitman.
The 22-year-old Odesnik entered the tournament having played just one previous ATP clay court match and converted seven of 16 break points while saving five of 11 break points to advance.
Seventh seed Granollers-Pujol defeated Brazilian Marcos Daniel 6-3 6-2, converting five of seven break points and only losing his serve once.
Real Madrid moved closer to retaining their Primera Liga title with a 2-0 win away at Racing Santander on Sunday.
Raul tapped in Robinho's cross early on and Bernd Schuster's men withstood some sustained pressure from Champions League-chasing Racing, before Gonzalo Higuain stroked in a second in injury time.
Real's players swamped the Argentine to celebrate as the victory put them 10 points clear at the top of the standings with five matches left to play.
It's not in the bag yet, but this was another important step forward in a difficult stadium , Real coach Bernd Schuster told Radio Marca.
This advantage should give us confidence for the remaining games.
Villarreal are now their closest challengers on 62 points after they leap-frogged Barcelona with a 2-0 win over struggling Valladolid at the Madrigal.
Turkish striker Nihat Kahveci sprinted on to Santi Cazorla's pass to open the scoring against the run of play in the first half and returned the favour for Cazorla to add the second just after the break.
Champions League semi-finalists Barca are third with 61 points, after being held 0-0 at home by city rivals Espanyol on Saturday.
Fourth-placed Atletico Madrid, on 54, slipped to a 3-1 home defeat against Real Betis on Saturday.
King's Cup winners Valencia put off celebrating the title they won on Wednesday night to focus on the trip to face Athletic Bilbao in Sunday's late game, but it was to little avail as they were torn apart 5-1 at San Mames.
The defeat piles the pressure on under-fire coach Ronald Koeman, whose side are left two points above the bottom three.
At the foot of the table, new Levante coach Jose Angel Moreno got off to a winning start with a 3-1 home win over King's Cup finalists Getafe, but his team remain 12 points from safety.
A Daniel Guiza hat-trick helped condemn second-bottom Real Murcia to a 4-1 home defeat against Real Mallorca that leaves them eight points adrift.
Recreativo Huelva are 18th, level on 37 points with 17th-placed Real Zaragoza, who have the edge over them in head-to-heads after Saturday's 3-0 home win.
Johan Micoud struck two minutes into added time to give second-placed Girondins Bordeaux a 1-0 win at strugglers Toulouse in Ligue 1 on Sunday.
Playmaker Micoud collected a back pass from Gabriel Obertan and flicked the ball over Toulouse goalkeeper Nicolas Douchez to leave Bordeaux four points behind Olympique Lyon.
Lyon, chasing a seventh successive title, won 2-1 at Racing Strasbourg on Saturday and have 71 points ahead of Bordeaux on 67 with four matches remaining.
Sunday's defeat leaves Toulouse fifth from bottom, three points above the relegation zone.
Olympique Marseille undermined their chances of finishing third to enter the Champions League qualifying round when they slumped to a 3-1 home defeat by Lille in Sunday's late match.
Senegal striker Mamadou Niang put Marseille in front by deflecting a Samir Nasri free kick on 12 minutes but the visitors responded with two goals by forward Kevin Mirallas to lead 2-1 at halftime.
Cameroon midfielder Jean Makoun exploited a blunder by the Marseille defence to seal Lille's win on 68 minutes.
Marseille dropped to fourth place, one spot and one point below Nancy, who drew 1-1 with Le Mans on Saturday.
World number one Lorena Ochoa matched an LPGA record with her fourth consecutive victory by capturing the 2.6 million-dollar Ginn Open here Sunday by three strokes over Taiwan's Yani Tseng.
Ochoa fired a final-round three-under par 69 to finish 72 holes on 19-under par 269, giving the Mexican star her fifth win in six events this year, while 19-year-old Tseng struggled down the back nine to finish with a 71 and on 272.
Tseng opened with back-to-back birdies and another at the fifth hole but followed with a bogey at the sixth while Ochoa, who began with a one-shot lead, birdied the third hole and began a run of three birdies in a row at the eighth.
Tseng eagled the 10th to keep the pressure upon Ochoa but was undone by birdies at 13, 15 and 17.
Ochoa finished with seven pars and a bogey at the 15th, holding on for the triumph.
Ochoa won last week's Corona Championship in her homeland by an astonishing 11 strokes and followed up by taking her 22nd career title, She has not blown a lead entering the final round since last year.
American Boo Weekley held his nerve over the treacherous closing stretch to complete a successful title defence by three shots at the Heritage Classic in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina on Sunday.
Three ahead of the chasing pack overnight, the 34-year-old fired a level-par 71 in blustery conditions at the Harbour Town Golf Links to secure his second PGA Tour career victory.
Despite struggling off the tee for most of the round, Weekley posted a 15-under total of 269 to become the first player to win consecutive titles at Hilton Head since Davis Love III in 1992.
Fellow American Anthony Kim, helped by three birdies in a row from the 13th, also carded a 71 to share second place with 2006 winner Aaron Baddeley of Australia.
I slept good last night but protecting the lead I didn't hit it very well today, Weekley told reporters after piling up five birdies and five bogeys, two in the last three holes.
Pau Gasol scored 36 points and grabbed 16 rebounds to help the Los Angeles Lakers overpower the Denver Nuggets 128-114 in Game One of their Western Conference quarter-final series on Sunday.
Gasol also had eight assists in the first playoff victory of his NBA career after the Spaniard had lost 12 consecutive post-season games with the Memphis Grizzlies before joining the Lakers this season.
In other early playoff action on Sunday, the Orlando Magic beat the Toronto Raptors 114-100 with center Dwight Howard getting 25 points and 22 rebounds in their series opener in Florida.
Kobe Bryant contributed 32 points for the Lakers, 18 of his haul coming in the fourth quarter to ensure the conference top seed opened the best-of-seven series with a comfortable victory.
Carmelo Anthony and Allen Iverson each scored 30 points for the Nuggets with Anthony adding 12 rebounds.
Iverson, however, was ejected from the game with 2:10 remaining after picking up his second technical foul for arguing with officials.
Game Two is in Los Angeles on Wednesday.
Standard Liege dethroned Anderlecht 2-0 on Sunday to claim their first Belgian first division title in 25 years.
Two second-half goals from Dieumerci Mbokani at home to last year's champions, combined with a scoreless draw earlier on Sunday between Club Bruges and Ghent, was enough to secure the Liege's ninth league title.
If Liege avoid defeat in their final three matches, they will become the first side in 42 years to stay unbeaten for the whole season.
After 31 games, unbeaten Liege top the table on 71 points with three games remaining, ten points ahead of Anderlecht and Bruges, who have shared Belgian soccer's top prize for the past six years.
Mbokani put Liege, champions in 1982 and 1983, on the road to the title in the 54th minute when he latched on to a curling pass from Reginal Goreux and slotted the ball home.
The Congolese striker doubled his side's lead and sealed the league crown in the 77th minute after racing on to a through-ball from Costa Santos Bonfim Dante and lobbing it over the Anderlecht goalkeeper.
When I woke up this morning I prayed to God it would happen today, Liege coach Michel Preud'Homme told reporters.
It's been an amazing season and to win the title after 25 years the way we did today is extra special.
The former Belgium goalkeeper took over at the club he played for in the 70's and 80's in August 2006.
Over the whole season we have proved to be the best team, Liege's U.S. defender Oguchi Onyewu added.
Hopefully we can win the rest of our games, stay unbeaten and go on to challenge in the Champions League next season.
At the opposite end of the table, FC Brussels were relegated after a 2-0 defeat at home to Excelsior Mouscron.
Sint Truiden look favourites to join Brussels in division two next term after a 2-1 defeat at Germinal Beerschot.
With three game to play, Truiden have 23 points with Dender, 2-0 losers at Racing Genk, on 30 points and Mons-Bergen a point further ahead after a scoreless draw at Westerlo on Saturday.
Ronald Koeman has been sacked as coach of relegation-threatened Valencia, according to Spanish media reports on Monday.
Valencia's 5-1 defeat at Athletic Bilbao on Sunday left the team two points above the drop zone.
Former Dutch international Koeman signed a two and a half year contract at the beginning of November following the sacking of Quique Sanchez Flores.
Valencia were then fourth in the table, four points behind leaders Real Madrid.
Spanish media also reported on Monday the club had dismissed Koeman's assistants Jose Mari Bakero and Toni Bruins Slot and sporting director Miguel Angel Ruiz.
The reports said club delegate Salvador Gonzalez 'Voro', a former player at Valencia and Deportivo Coruna, would take charge of the team until the end of the season.
Koeman has appeared an increasingly isolated figure at Valencia in recent weeks but guided his side to a 3-1 victory over Getafe in the King's Cup final last Wednesday.
