A US military gunship launched air raids against hideouts of members of the Al-Qaeda network in southern Somalia, hitting right on target, the Somali government said Tuesday.
We know that a US gunship raided targets of Al-Qaeda in southern Somalia sometime yesterday afternoon, government spokesman Abdirahman Dinari told AFP, confirming reports by US television channels.
The target was a small village called Badel where the terrorists were hiding. 
And the gunship did hit on the exact target, Dinari said, adding that Somali and Ethiopian troops were nearby.
Dinari said there were casualities from the raids, which, according to US television reports, were carried out by a AC-130 gunship, operated by the US Special Operations Command, that flew from its base in Djibouti for the attack.
Absolutely a lot of people were killed. 
So many dead people were lying in the area, but we do not know who is who, but the raid was a success, Dinari said.
But US Defense Department spokesman, Todd Vician, was unable to confirm the reports.
The attacks come more than a week after joint Ethiopian and Somali troops routed the Islamists, accused of ties to Al-Qaeda, from their final stronghold in the southern port town of Kismayo, forcing them to flee into scrublands along the border with Kenya.
The targets of the raids included the senior Al-Qaeda leader in East Africa and an Al-Qaeda operative wanted for his involvement in the 1998 bombings of two US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
At the embassy attacks, Al-Qaeda militants, using materials smuggled through Somalia, blew up the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, killing 224 people and injuring thousands.
And attacks in 2002 on an Israeli airliner and Israeli-owned hotel in the Kenyan port city of Mombasa also came from Somalia, US officials said.
Hundreds of supporters of former home affairs minister Rogerio Lobato rallied Tuesday in East Timor outside the court where he was due to go on trial on weapons distribution charges.
Lobato has been charged with involvement in arming civilians during unrest last year.
A panel of one local and two UN judges first questioned one of Lobato's co-defendants, Marcos Piedade alias Labadaen, and was due to hear from Lobato at 2:00 pm (0500 GMT).
Some 300 of his supporters from the ruling Fretilin party rallied in front of the Dili Appeal Court in a show of support for the former minister before the hearing even started.
The protestors, who arrived on dozens of trucks, buses and motorcycles, waved Fretilin flags and shouted Long live Rogerio Lobato, Long live Fretilin,.
 as some 50 UN and local police stood guard in and around the court building
Lobato is one of the founders of Falintil, the armed wing of the then pro-independence Fretilin movement which fought against Indonesian occupation and later turned into a political party.
We rally here at our own initiative
To show support for Rogerio Lobato. 
He is one of the founders of the Fretilin and we will continue to protest in Dili until his trial ends, protester Mariano Andre told journalists outside the court building.
Lobato, Piedave and the two other defendants, Francisco Salsinha and Francisco Xavier Diegas, face charges of involvement in arming civilians during the violence that erupted in Dili in April and May.
Following protests over the dismissal of some 600 soldiers.
A report from a UN inquiry into the violence said former prime minister Mari Alkatiri and Lobato were among officials who should be investigated over possible involvement in the distribution of weapons.
Some 37 people were left dead in pitched battles between security forces during bloody street violence. 
More than 150,000 people fled their homes and some 3,200 Australian-led peacekeepers were deployed in May to restore calm.
Their numbers have since been reduced to around 1,100.
East Timor gained independence in 2002 after a period of UN stewardship. It was ruled by Indonesia for 24 years before its people voted overwhelmingly in 1999 in favour of breaking away from Jakarta.
Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan abducted four employees of a peace commission trying to persuade the extremists to side with the government, police said Sunday.
The four were working for the national reconciliation programme, an amnesty scheme launched by President Hamid Karzai's administration in 2004 in a bid to win over the Taliban.
They were on their way from the southern province of Uruzgan to Kandahar late Saturday when their vehicle was stopped by gunmen close to the Uruzgan capital, Tirin Kot, provincial deputy police chief Mohammad Nabi told AFP.
The armed Taliban kidnapped the three peace workers and their driver after they set fire to their vehicle close to Tirin Kot, said Nabi.
No one immediately claimed responsibility for the abduction.
It was similar to scores of others by remnants of the Taliban regime who were forced from power in late 2001 in a US-led offensive and are now waging a deadly insurgency.
Criminal gangs and factions are also involved in kidnappings.
More than 2,000 Taliban rebels and other Islamic fighters have accepted the olive branch offered by the amnesty programme, which however excludes the Taliban's leaders, including the extremists' chief, Mullah Mohammad Omar.
At least 53 people were killed when a train traveling to Pakistan caught fire early Monday in northern India, the Associated Press reported quoting a railroad official.
An explosive device was found near the track where the fire occurred, AP quoted V.N. Mathur, general manager of the Northern Railway, as saying.
The fire engulfed two coaches of the Samjhauta Express, one of two train links between India and Pakistan.
The train was traveling from New Delhi to Atari, the last railroad station before the border with Pakistan, AP reported.
Two bombs exploded aboard a train bound from India to Pakistan burning to death at least 64 passengers, officials said on Monday.
With India's government labelling the attack an act of terror.
Most of the victims were Pakistanis but included some Indians, officials said.
Two other unexploded homemade bombs were also found on the train and the track, with television pictures showing one of them, a large plastic suitcase with wires and a plastic bottle attached.
Officials said the bottle contained some kind of flammable liquid and the apparent intention had been to cause a fire.
This is what it suggests, that it was an act of terror, India's prime minister's spokesman, Sanjaya Baru, told Reuters.
About 50 passengers were also reported wounded. 
Television pictures showed blackened and gutted carriages, with the heat of the fire having peeled the paint off the carriage exteriors.
it's an act of terrorism like the one in Mumbai, Railways Minister Lalu Prasad Yadav told reporters, referring to serial bomb blasts in Mumbai last July that killed 186 people.
We have recovered two suitcases with dangerous explosive devices, he said.
The coaches of the Samjhauta Express train, which connects New Delhi to the northern Pakistani city of Lahore, erupted in fire near Panipat town, about 80 km (50 miles) north of the Indian capital, around midnight on Sunday (1830 GMT).
Many of the windows were barred with iron rods, meaning many people were trapped inside the train. 
One survivor said passersby pulled some survivors out of one of the few windows that did not have rods.
I took a visa to come to India and see relatives, but I never realised it would become the last journey for my family, said Tara Chand, whose three sons and two daughters are missing and feared dead after the blasts.
He was returning to Pakistan after a month in India.
I heard a loud explosion and then it was all smoke, he said. 
Looking at the intensity of the smoke, many people must have suffocated to death before being charred.
The incident comes days before Pakistani Foreign Minister Khursheed Mehmood Kasuri is due in New Delhi for talks with Indian leaders to push forward a slow-moving peace process between the old rivals.
Most of the people are Pakistanis, but the casualties did include some Indian security personnel, the chief secretary of the Haryana state government Prem Prashant told Reuters.
Pakistan's government said it was in touch with Indian authorities and was collecting information, confirming that most of the dead were Pakistani.
Bob Woodward, the US journalist who helped break the Watergate scandal, called Wednesday on reporters to take more time on stories after the US media's handling of the run-up to the Iraq war.
The celebrated Washington Post reporter said the media should have done more to verify whether Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein had secret weapons as alleged by US President George W. Bush as a reason to go to war.
We should have been much more aggressive, Woodward told a conference in Tokyo. 
I've thought what I could have done, he said. 
The only way to find out if (weapons of mass destruction) really existed is to get on the ground.
But he said the round-the-clock deadlines of the modern media were hampering investigative journalism.
It's a crazy media environment. 
We need to slow it down. 
We need weeks, months or even years to work on stories, Woodward said.
Woodward and Carl Bernstein broke the story of the 1972 break-in at the Democratic Party office in the Watergate Hotel, ultimately leading to the resignation of US president Richard Nixon.
Woodward's latest book, State of Denial, takes a critical look at Bush's invasion of Iraq.
The real impulse is to make the government accountable so we do not get a secret government, Woodward said.
The nightmare is that the president gets so closed off, so secretive, so convinced they are doing the right thing or just unable to face the possibility that they've made a very, very serious mistake, he said.
Three Kurdish Iraqi children are being treated in an Israeli hospital near Tel Aviv, the Israeli Ynet website reported Thursday night.
The three siblings were born with heart defects and require various surgeries. 
They will be operated on in the coming weeks after undergoing examinations.
The children arrived with their mother through the aid of a local charity, after waiting for two and a half months in Jordan for permission to enter Israel.
The website said that five Iraqi children have been operated on so far in the Israeli hospital.
Iraq and Israel do not have diplomatic relations.
A group linked to Al-Qaeda in Iraq said on Friday it has killed 18 policemen it kidnapped in Diyala province, and blamed their deaths on the Baghdad government for ignoring its demands.
The Islamic state of Iraq gave the government of (Prime Minister Nuri) al-Maliki 24 hours to meet its demands if the 18 interior ministry workers who were arrested in Diyala were to be released, it said in a statement posted on the Internet.
But the Maliki government, as usual... did not care for their lives... so the Islamic courts ordered the execution of those apostates... who have deemed the blood and honour of Sunnis as permissible, added the statement, whose authenticity could not be verified.
It said that a videotape showing the policemen being killed would be released soon.
Iraqi security forces on Friday found 11 bodies of their murdered comrades in the Sunni Arab restive town of Baquba in Diyala province, after Al-Qaeda threatened to kill police hostages in revenge for the alleged rape of a Sunni woman.
Earlier, an alliance of Sunni armed groups in Iraq, led by Al-Qaeda, posted pictures on the Internet that it said showed 18 kidnapped interior ministry employees from Diyala, some of them wearing police uniforms.
The mayor of Khalis, the murdered officers' hometown in Diyala province, north of Baghdad, said the 11 bodies were found in the streets.
Their throats had been cut and their hands were bound, Uday al-Khadran said.
Mortar rounds crashed into Somalia's presidential palace on Tuesday hours after President Abdullahi Yusuf flew back into the chaotic coastal capital Mogadishu.
Yusuf's interim government voted overwhelmingly on Monday to move to the city, which has been rocked by near-daily insurgent attacks blamed on an Islamist movement defeated two months ago.
We saw several mortars flying over us towards the palace, said one woman who lives nearby and asked not to be named.
Residents said government troops and their Ethiopian allies based at the hilltop Villa Somalia compound immediately returned fire with artillery guns. 
At least three areas in the city were said to have been hit, but details were scarce.
In other violent incidents in Mogadishu on Tuesday, a remote controlled bomb -- the first known use of such a device in Somalia's insurgency -- destroyed the car of a city official, although it was unclear if he was in the vehicle at the time.
Police cordoned off the site of the blast and stopped journalists from viewing the wreckage.
Elsewhere, residents said two civilians were killed and three wounded when Ethiopian troops opened fire after their convoy was ambushed by gunmen.
Yusuf, who has been out of Mogadishu for about a month, returned to the capital earlier on Tuesday amid tight security.
His administration is anxious to impose its authority on the whole of the Horn of Africa country after being confined to the south central town of Baidoa since its creation in 2004.
Its Ethiopian allies are to make way for African Union troops who began arriving in Mogadishu last week. 
More than 1,000 Ugandans have landed, and been attacked at least twice.
EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana arrived in Syria on Wednesday on his first visit in two years to hold talks with President Bashar al-Assad aimed at easing the political crisis in Lebanon.
His trip is the latest in a string of visits by Western officials that Damascus characterises as proof of its indisputable role as a key player in the Middle East region.
Official EU contacts with Syria have been frozen since former Lebanese prime minister Rafiq Hariri's assassination in a massive bomb blast in Beirut February 2005, an attack widely blamed on Damascus.
Solana has said he was mandated to tell the Syrians what the situation is... to tell them we want them to work with us and with the international community, particularly on the Lebanon issue.
He will stress to Assad the advantages for Damascus of playing a constructive role, according to a European diplomat. 
The aim is to have Syria adopt a more flexible, more cooperative attitude on Lebanon.
Solana told reporters in Beirut on Monday he would hold frank discussions on Syria's troubled relations with Lebanon, where many people blame Damascus for a series of deadly bomb attacks.
He also said he would address the issue of the UN tribunal due to try suspects in the Hariri murder.
The anti-Syrian parliamentary majority in Lebanon has accused Damascus of blocking the creation of the tribunal, and a string of pro-Syrian cabinet ministers resigned last November over the issue, setting off an acute political crisis.
On a visit to Cairo, Syrian Vice President Faruq al-Shara the tribunal was accepted by all parties in Lebanon and should not be used as a sword of Damocles nor should it be politicised.
Solana said he will also raise with Assad the question of alleged arms smuggling from Syria into Lebanon.
The European Union hopes Solana's visit will help ease the crisis in Lebanon, sharply divided between pro- and anti-Syrian camps since Hariri's murder forced Syria to end its military domination of the country.
Solana said the European Union wanted to see if we can resume our relations with Syria.
We will have to discuss the change of behaviour.
French President Jacques Chirac, a close friend of Hariri, had blocked all overtures for talks.
EU officials acknowledge privately they have been looking for a way to resume talks with Syria and prise it away from the powerful influence of Iran, which, like Damascus, holds sway over Hezbollah.
After kicking off his tour in Beirut, Solana on Tuesday held talks in Saudi Arabia, which is working to host a reconciliation meeting next week between the rival Lebanese camps, according to Arab diplomatic sources.
The state-controlled Syrian press on Tuesday pointed to what it said was Damascus's important standing in the region, stressing its refusal to budge under international pressure.
It is clear that Syria cannot be isolated; to the contrary, its role is being recognised, said Ath-Thawra. Syria has not changed its policies, which have turned out to be valid.
Solana's visit follows on the heels of a trip by a senior US official, the highest-level visit from Washington to Damascus in two ears which involved  talks limited to the Iraqi refugee crisis.
Ellen Sauerbrey, assistant secretary of state for refugees and migration, discussed the plight of the refugees, who now number About two million among Iraq's neighbours, including between 600,000 and one million in Syria.
Syria's press hailed her visit as a vindication of the government's approach to Middle East peace.
The visits to Damascus by international officials are a form of public recognition of the solid basis of Syria's vision, Ath-Thawra said.
Rwanda's troops could pull out of the African Union peacekeeping force in Sudan's Darfur region because of a lack of proper support, President Paul Kagame warned in an interview broadcast Wednesday.
Our forces there are not ill-trained but they are ill-supported by those who are supposed to do so, Kagame told the government station Radio Rwanda. 
If our presence there is not making a difference on the ground, then I don't see the purpose of remaining there.
We are evaluating the situation of the mission and very soon, we will pronounce ourselves on the matter, he added.
Kagame said the AU had still not repaid money that his central African nation had spent to maintain troops in Darfur, but stressed this was not the main consideration.
Rwanda has 2,000 soldiers in the 7,000-strong AU presence in Darfur, but the force has been already criticised for having failed to stop the bloodshed in the region.
The war in Darfur erupted in February 2003 when armed rebels from minority tribes in the region, where people of black African origin are dominated by the Arab population, called for an equal share of power and national resources.
That prompted a brutal crackdown from Sudanese government forces and their Janjaweed proxy militia which, according to UN estimates, has killed 200,000 people and forced 2.5 million people from their homes.
The root of the problem faced by the AU force has been a chronic shortage of equipment and weapons -- and the means to pay for them.
For several months now the United Nations has been negotiating with Sudanese president Omar al-Beshir over the modalities of a hybrid AU-UN force that would replace the AU force.
Beshir has insisted that the African Union (AU) must remain in control of any joint peacekeeping mission.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Sunday that Iran's seizure of 15 Royal Navy personnel was unjustified and wrong, and expressed the hope they would be free in a few days.
Blair told a press conference in Berlin that the Britons were in Iraqi waters when they were detained at gunpoint by Iran's Revolutionary Guard on Friday.
The prime minister, who was in the German capital for ceremonies marking the 50th anniversary of the EU, said Britain wanted to settle the issue by diplomatic means.
The Iranian government had to realize the matter was of fundamental importance to the British government, he said, describing the situation as serious.
The servicemen were detained after inspecting a vessel in the Gulf's Shatt al-Arab. 
Iran claimed they had violated its territorial waters, but Britain said they were in Iraqi waters and demanded their release.
US Ambassador to Iraq Zalmay Khalilzad held talks last year with presumed representatives of leading Iraqi insurgent groups in a bid to lure militant Iraqi Sunnis into the country's political process, The New York Times reported on its website Sunday. 
There were discussions with the representatives of various groups in the aftermath of the elections, and during the formation of the government before the Samarra incident, and some discussions afterwards as well, Khalilzad told The Times in an interview Friday. 
The newspaper said he is the first US official to publicly acknowledge holding such talks. 
The meetings began in early 2006 and were possibly the first attempts at sustained contact between senior US officials in Baghdad and the Sunni Arab insurgency, the report said.
Khalilzad flew to Jordan for some of the talks, which included self-identified representatives of the Islamic Army of Iraq and the 1920 Revolution Brigades, two leading nationalist factions, the paper said.
Khalilzad declined to give details on the meetings, but other officials said the efforts had foundered by the summer, after the bombing of a revered Shiite shrine in Samarra, according to the report.
Khalilzad's willingness even to approach rebel groups defied the public position of some Bush administration officials that the United States does not negotiate with insurgents, The Times said.
In another sign of pragmatism, the ambassador reiterated his position that the American and Iraqi governments had to consider granting amnesty to insurgents, the report said. 
This is something that we and Iraqis, the government, will do together, and there are various types of amnesties, he said. 
But the fundamental point, the goal of bringing the war to an end, the most important tribute we could pay to our soldiers who have lost their lives here would be that the cause they  fought for would be embraced and accepted by their former enemies, by those who fought them. 
Khalilzad, who has been nominated by President George W. Bush to be the next US ambassador to the United Nations, leaves Iraq this week. 
Sri Lanka's national carrier on Monday urged travellers to check on rescheduled flights before heading to the island's only international airport after a rebel air raid forced it to shut down briefly.
Sri Lankan Airlines said that many incoming and outbound flights had been rescheduled following the Tamil Tiger raid on a military airbase adjacent to the civilian facility, which left three airmen dead and 16 others wounded.
The Colombo BIA Airport re-opened to all traffic at 3:30 am (2200 GMT). 
All Sri Lankan Airlines aircraft and passengers and staff remain unharmed, the flag carrier said in a statement.
Officials said at least four inbound flights were diverted to neighbouring India's southern city of Chennai.
Sri Lanka's foreign ministry spokesman Ravinatha Aryasinha said operations at the airport were not affected by the Tiger raid.
There is no damage to the international airport or the runway, Aryasinha said. 
Flights were suspended only as a precautionary measure.
Montenegrin Foreign Minister Milan Rocen will arrive in Russia on his first official visit. 
He will have talks with his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov on Tuesday, March 27.
The foreign ministers intend to exchange views in detail on several international issues of mutual interest, an official at the Russian Foreign Ministry said.
They will discuss the situation in the Balkans, and, in this respect, the development of events in the process of defining Kosovo's status.
The sides will consider the issues of multilateral cooperation in South-Eastern Europe.
The negotiations will highlight possibilities for expanding economic cooperation. 
The current small trade does not meet the reached level of political relations and the existing potential in economy, the official emphasized.
Meanwhile, the Russian business quarters showed growing interest recently in the investments in the Montenegrin economy, he pointed out.
Moscow believes Milan Rocen's visit very important, the official remarked. 
The visit is designed to give a fresh impetus to development of cooperation in various spheres in view of Montenegro's recent getting the status of independent state.
Russian-Montenegrin relations have the history of many centuries and are based on firm brotherly ties that unite the peoples of our countries.
In the recent years cooperation between Russia and Montenegro has been developing actively in all directions. 
The political dialogue on top and high levels is prioritized in our relations, the official remarked.
Russia, which was the first country among the leading world powers to recognize independence of Montenegro, established diplomatic relations with the country, gave and keeps giving support to this country in its development as a full-fledged entity of international relations, the official noted. 
We consider Montenegro as one of the key partners in the Balkans, he said.
Milan Rocen will meet with State Duma Speaker Boris Gryzlov, Patriarch of Moscow and All Russia Alexy II. 
He is also expected to meet with Emergencies Minister Sergei Shoigu, as they are the co-chairmen of the intergovernmental committee on trade, economic and scientific-technical cooperation. 
Milan Rocen will also meet with Moscow Mayor Yuri Luzhkov.
Egyptians trickled to polling stations on Monday to vote on controversial constitutional changes in the face of a boycott by the opposition which accuses the regime of trying to curb basic freedoms.
Information Minister Anas al-Fiqi said nationwide turnout stood between 23 and 27 percent but other estimates said it did not exceed 10 percent.
The vote on the controversial amendments, which were rushed through the ruling party-dominated parliament only a week ago, was boycotted by a united opposition front and drew rare US criticism of key regional ally Egypt.
The day was also marked by general voter apathy and disillusionment.
What's the use? All referendums are fixed, said 50-year-old Abdallah as he drove his taxi through downtown Cairo, where police in riot gear and others in plainclothes were heavily deployed.
Egyptians know what's going on but we can't say anything or we'll be arrested and put in jail.
Most voters seen at polling stations were government workers granted a break by their employers to cast their ballot, or people gathered from impoverished neighbourhoods by the ruling party.
This does not look like a popular Egyptian vote, Ghada Shahbender from the independent monitoring group Shayfeencom told AFP.
It is a referendum by President (Hosni) Mubarak and his NDP, and only their people showed up.
The independent Egyptian Organisation for Human Rights estimated the turnout in Monday's vote at around five percent, while the opposition Islamists offered a figure of seven to nine percent.
The regime says the amendments fulfil Mubarak's promise for democratic change and are crucial to the security of the Arab world's most populous country and the entire region.
The amendments will give a push to the activities of (political) parties will end trading in religion and illegitimate political activity, and protect the nation from the dangers of terrorism, he said in a televised address.
Critics have lambasted them as a major setback for basic freedoms and a bid by the regime to put a lid on the Islamist opposition's growing popularity while ensuring a smooth transition of power from Mubarak to his son Gamal.
No referendum can legitimise these constitutional amendments, or bring them in compliance with Egypt's international obligations, said Sarah Leah Whitson, Middle East director at Human Rights Watch.
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, whose administration has been accused of easing its pressure on Egypt to reform, voiced deep concern.
While most of the 34 articles being amended simply remove references to socialism, some changes also allow the authorities to arrest terrorism suspects without a warrant and refer them to military courts and reduce judicial oversight of elections.
One amendment bans political activity based on religion.
The Muslim Brotherhood, which sees itself as the main target of the changes, called for a boycott, arguing that the regime will tamper with the results anyway.
One of the aims of the amendments is to eliminate all possible political activity by the Muslim Brotherhood, said Mustafa Kamel Al Sayyed, professor of political science at the American University in Cairo.
They would also prevent an independent candidate from running in the next presidential elections... whether they are Muslim Brotherhood or not, he said in an interview.
Small groups of protesters waved banners denouncing the referendum and calling for a boycott from inside the grounds of the Bar Association and the Journalists' Union in downtown Cairo amid tight security.
We have had no reports of incidents, clashes or arrests, Fiqi said after polling closed.
He added that results could be announced Tuesday.
Pop singer Elton John should be banned from performing at a jazz festival in Tobago because his homosexuality could influence young people, some Christian leaders on the Caribbean island said on Monday.
A group of Christian churches have failed to persuade the Tobago House of Assembly, which oversees the administration of the island, to join the call for a boycott of John's appearance at the Plymouth Jazz Festival in late April.
But they said they would pursue the campaign against John, who married his partner David Furnish in Britain in 2005.
We feel it can have a negative social impact. 
There are some who may not be sure of their sexuality and one has to be careful about how this can create impressions on impressionable minds, pastor Terrance Baynes told Reuters on Monday.
The British singer celebrated his 60th birthday at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday, playing more than 30 songs from a career spanning four decades.
Jazz festival organizer CL Communications dismissed calls for a boycott and said the show would go on.
Elton John is coming as what he is, one of the world's greatest performers, said Anthony Maharaj, adding that the country should be honored to have John perform in Tobago, the smaller island of energy-rich Trinidad.
His band has performed in every country around the world. 
He is not coming here to preach about what lifestyle people should have, he said.
They said an army unit entered the old city of Nablus, a hideout for militants, seeking to arrest wanted Palestinians and engaged some in a gun battle.
Two militants, identified as Ala Ghalith, 25, and Muhannad Mreish, 24, members of Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, the military wing of Fatah movement, were shot and died before Palestinian ambulances were able to reach them.
Hospital sources said they arrived there dead.
Vice President Dick Cheney accused U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on Thursday of bad behavior on her Middle East trip, saying she bungled a message for Syria's president that was later clarified by Israel.
Cheney harshly criticized Pelosi's visit to Syria this week and declared in an interview, The president is the one who conducts foreign policy, not the speaker of the House.
Pelosi's Syrian stopover was opposed from the start by the Bush administration, which accuses Damascus of sponsoring terrorism and says it should be isolated from the international community.
While in Damascus on Wednesday, Pelosi announced she had told Syrian President Bashar al-Assad that Israel was prepared to negotiate with Syria. 
That prompted Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert's office to underline the Jewish state's preconditions for such talks -- including that Syria abandon its support for terrorist groups.
Cheney, pointing to the Israeli reaction, said it was obvious Olmert had not authorized the message Pelosi delivered.
It was a non-statement, nonsensical statement and didn't make any sense at all that she would suggest that those talks could go forward as long as the Syrians conducted themselves as a prime state sponsor of terror, the vice president said on the Rush Limbaugh radio show.
I think it is, in fact bad behavior on her part. 
I wish she hadn't done it, Cheney said. 
Fortunately I think the various parties involved recognize she doesn't speak for the United States in those circumstances, she doesn't represent the administration.
Pelosi's spokesman, Brendan Daly, asked to respond to Cheney's criticism, said the speaker accurately relayed the message from Olmert to Assad.
The tough and serious message the speaker relayed was that, in order for Israel to engage in talks with Syria, the Syrian government must eliminate its links with extremist elements, including Hamas and Hezbollah, Daly said.
Referring to the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas, and Lebanon's Hezbollah, which Israel fought in a war last year.
Pelosi's decision to defy the White House and meet Assad stepped up a tug of war between the Democratic-led Congress and Republican President George W. Bush over foreign policy.
The two sides are already doing battle over Iraq policy, with Democrats trying to force Bush to accept a date for withdrawing U.S. troops.
Pelosi was also slammed on Thursday by a Washington Post editorial that was headlined Pratfall in Damascus and called her Middle East shuttle diplomacy foolish.
A roadside bomb blast killed one more US soldier and wounded two others in the restive Diyala province, north of Baghdad, the military reported Friday.
The soldier died on Thursday when the bomb exploded near his vehicle.
The latest fatality brought the military's losses in Iraq since the invasion to 3,262, according to an AFP count based on Pentagon figures.
Sudanese Foreign Minister Lam Akol reiterated on Saturday that the United Nations should only play a logistical role supporting African Union troops in Darfur.
We will not renegotiate, Akol told Reuters when asked whether his country would accept the deployment of U.N. troops in the violence-plagued region.
Sudan has rebuffed international demands to allow the deployment of a large U.N. force, saying supporting the under-funded and ill-equipped 7,000-strong AU force would be enough to stabilise the region.
At the heart of the debate with Western powers is the outcome of a November meeting in Addis Ababa. 
The United Nations says Khartoum agreed then to a three-phase plan that would end with a hybrid AU-U.N. operation in Darfur.
Sudan said it only agreed to the first two phases of U.N. logistical and financial support. 
Akol said on Saturday his country was not about to review its position.
He was speaking after the arrival of African Union Chairman Alpha Oumar Konare for talks with Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir.
Experts estimate that 200,000 people have been killed and 2.5 million fled their homes in Darfur since the conflict flared in 2003 when rebels took up arms against the central government.
Khartoum says only 9,000 died.
US Defence Secretary Robert Gates on Tuesday was to meet Jordan's King Abdullah II on a tour aimed at rallying support for Iraq's government and countering Iran's growing influence in the Middle East.
The Israeli-Palestinian peace process was also to figure high on the agenda, a senior Defence Department official said on condition of anonymity ahead of the meeting.
While Jordan only has a small military hospital in neighbouring Iraq, it helps train Iraqi police, air force personnel and air traffic controllers at schools in the kingdom.
King Abdullah said in an interview with AFP that Israel must end its occupation of Arab land if it wants to co-exist with the world's Muslims.
He also warned against a hasty US withdrawal from Iraq without setting a timetable and without preparing the necessary conditions that would ensure a strong central government able to run the affairs of the state.
The foreign ministers of Jordan and Israel met in Amman on Sunday for talks on ways to push forward the Israeli-Palestinian peace process.
They also discussed ways to restart Israeli-Palestinians peace talks, following a meeting earlier the same day in Jerusalem between Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas.
Gates, who held talks with Jordan's armed forces chief, General Khalid al-Sarayreh, is expected to travel on to Egypt and Israel, reinforcing US support for its allies in the region.
Washington wants its Arab allies Jordan and Egypt to show more public support for the government of Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki.
The United States is also seeking greater Arab public opposition to Iran's controversial nuclear programme and to Iranian support for the Hezbollah militia in Lebanon.
Washington has accused Iran of fomenting sectarian violence in Iraq and supporting anti-US insurgents in the country.
High body levels of oxygen, also known as hyperoxia, induced by oxygen therapy may depress breathing in newborns, according to the findings of an animal study published in the European Respiratory Journal.
Previous studies have suggested that frequent hyperoxia could compromise the ability of tissue to absorb oxygen, particularly in preterm infants, who are more susceptible to stop breathing, referred to as apnea, the authors explain.
Dr. F. Lofaso from Hopital Raymond Poincare, Garches, France and colleagues investigated the effects of repeated hyperoxia on the breathing response of newborn mice with a condition similar to that seen in preterm infants.
Repeated hyperoxia caused breathing to slow down. 
Furthermore, hypoxia was associated with an increase in the duration of apnea.
The good news is that these effects could be reversed after several minutes of breathing regular air.
The findings support a need for stringent control of oxygen therapy, most notably repeated oxygen administration in the neonatal period for premature infants and those carried to term, they conclude.
Infants on oxygen therapy should at least have their blood oxygen levels monitored to prevent it from dropping too low or becoming too high, Lofaso told Reuters Health. 
These study findings should also be considered in the debate over how useful or harmful oxygen administration is during the resuscitation of newborns.
Sudan and rebel groups have agreed to a 60-day ceasefire in Darfur on the basis of a peace agreement reached in Nigeria last May, a senior US politician said on Wednesday.
US New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson told a news conference at the end of a four-day visit that President Omar al-Beshir had agreed to his delegation's proposal for a truce in the war-torn western region of the country.
Beshir, with whom the governor held two meetings, agreed to the truce as long as it in goes in line with the DPA, the Darfur peace agreement signed in Abuja on May 5, according to Richardson.
Both sides agreed there was a compelling need for a comprehensive ceasefire to launch a political process based on the DPA that would lead to a durable end to the conflict as soon as possible, said a joint statement distributed to reporters at a press conference in Khartoum.
Both agreed to a 60-day cessation of hostilities by all parties within the framework of the DPA, it said.
Richardson, heading a delegation made up of the Save Darfur Coalition, also held talks with Foreign Minister Lam Akol and visited Darfur where he met with government and humanitarian officials as well as rebel faction leaders.
The joint statement issued by Khartoum and the US team said the United Nations and African Union would embark on efforts aimed at narrowing the gaps between the government and rebel groups which refused to sign the peace deal.
Five people including the attacker and a civilian died when a suicide bomber targeted a Pakistani army convoy in North Waziristan Monday, news reports said.
The bomber aimed a car with explosives at the army vehicles as they drove near the regional capital Miran Shah, army spokesman Major General Shaukat Sultan told Deutsche Presse-Agentur dpa.
Some of the nine injured soldiers were in a critical condition. 
Security forces immediately cordoned off the area.
A woman in a passing car was also killed in the blast and another person injured, according to Geo television news.
The attack came six days after Pakistani forces killed around 10 people in an airstrike on an alleged Taliban compound in South Waziristan, drawing threats of reprisals by local tribesmen.
But it was too soon to talk of a direct link, the army spokesman said, adding that the attack was probably the work of people who are against the peace treaty in North Waziristan.
The government in Islamabad last September concluded a controversial peace deal with pro-Taliban tribes in the region. 
Amid indications that this did not stem Taliban raids into neighbouring Afghanistan, Pakistan is under US pressure to boost operations against militants in the tribal belt along the border.
Other media reports said that a purported spokesman for pro-Taliban forces in North Waziristan, Abdullah Farhad, denied they were behind Monday's attack.
Strikes against the militants carry the risk of retaliation against the Pakistani military.
Last November, 42 army recruits died in a suicide bombing at a camp in Dargai in north-west Pakistan. 
The attack was seen as payback for an airstrike nine days earlier on suspected militants at a madrassa religious school in Bajaur that killed more than 80 people. 
A Dutch court on Monday acquitted a man charged for actively helping an Amsterdam woman commit suicide in June 2004, Dutch news agency ANP reported.
The court ruled that there was sufficient doubt that Ton Vink, 53, who calls himself a suicide consultant, did not supervise the woman's suicide despite being in contact with her over a period of 10 months before her death.
The prosecution had charged that Vink had gone too far in consulting the woman by telling her how much medicine she needed to kill herself.
Vink is connected with the Dutch suicide consultancy De Einder.
In previous cases consultants from De Einder have been sentenced to up to a year in prison.
In December 2005 a court sentenced Jan Hilarius, the founder of De Einder, to a year in jail for helping a mentally ill woman end her life.
At the time the court said the fact that Hilarius was not present when the woman killed herself was not a decisive factor.
In 2003, another consultant was sentenced to six months in prison for helping a woman commit suicide. 
De Einder was set up in 1995 to offer professional help to people who want to kill themselves by either persuading them to change their mind or assisting them to do so if that is their choice, the group's Web site says.
The Netherlands became the first country to legalise euthanasia in 2001 but doctors must obey strict rules.
Patients must face a future of unbearable suffering and make a voluntary, well-considered request to die. 
Doctor and patient must be convinced there is no other solution. 
A second doctor must be consulted and life ended in a medically appropriate way.
The first big snowstorm of the winter brought traffic chaos to Danish roads on Monday, including a 40-car pileup on a highway south of Copenhagen.     
It's pure chaos, and that's no exaggeration. 
It's all because of the snowstorm and there are so many accidents. 
We don't really have a clear picture, Koge Police spokesman Kenneth Hojlund was quoted as saying on the the Web site of the newspaper Politiken. 
The pile-up, which was the largest single incident, occurred near Koge, about 35 km (22 miles) south of Copenhagen. 
Around 200 cars had to be pulled from the snow, the newspaper Berlingske said, and 700 motorists had asked for help in starting their vehicles. 
No serious injuries were reported. 
An Islamist website on Sunday posted a video of an attack on a US Apache helicopter in the Taji region north of the Iraqi capital that was claimed by the Iraqi branch of Al-Qaeda.
The US military revealed earlier that four US helicopters which crashed in the past two weeks, killing a total of 20 troops and private security guards, had been shot down by insurgents.
On the video which runs for more than three minutes, two helicopters are seen flying low over a wooded area while militants on the ground handle explosives, then one of the aircraft is hit.
The video shows the Apache catching fire and crashing near a hillside.
The images are accompanied by verses from the Koran, religious chants and calls for jihad, or holy war, in the name of Sheikh Abu Omar al-Baghdadi, the head of a Sunni group linked to Al-Qaeda.
An Internet statement posted on Friday in the name of the Al-Qaeda front organization boasted: "The soldiers of the Islamic emirate have found new methods to take on your aircraft." 
It promised to post a video as proof.
A British archbishop warned on Monday of the threat of Britain becoming a police state in the wake of anti-terror raids last week which triggered Muslim protests.
The Ugandan-born Archbishop of York, John Sentamu, said government efforts to introduce laws allowing the detention of terror suspects for up to 90 days were like his native country under 1970s tyrant Idi Amin.
If you detain people, you must have good enough reason for detaining them and have a chance for there being a successful prosecution, he told ITV news, after anti-terror raids detained nine people in Birmingham last week.
Under current laws the nine, Pakistani-origin Britons, can be held for up to 28 days without charge -- despite efforts by the government to extend it to 90 days.
(The Home Secretary) has not produced the evidence that shows that in 90 days you're capable of getting somebody prosecuted, said Sentamu.
Why does he want these days, so the police do what? Gather more evidence?
To me that becomes, if you're not very careful, very close to a police state in which they pick you up and then they say later on we'll find evidence against you.
 That's what happened in Uganda with Idi Amin, he added.
Semtamu, who fled Uganda in the 1970s, is now the second highest cleric in the Church of England, after the Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams.
South Korea and Hong Kong said on Tuesday they had joined a growing list of economies banning British poultry due to the country's first outbreak of a deadly strain of bird flu in domestic poultry.
Russia and Japan have already banned imports and the Financial Times reported that South Africa and Indonesia had followed suit.
South Korea imported about $3 million in poultry products from Britain last year. 
It will either cull or return 3,645 ducks imported for breeding that it had in quarantine in the country, the agriculture ministry said.
South Korea's major poultry import from Britain has been live ducks for breeding.
We're not sure yet if the United Kingdom may face more bird flu outbreaks, said an official at the agriculture ministry.
Hong Kong, which imported 11,400 tonnes of British poultry and poultry products in the first 10 months of last year, announced late Monday it would suspend the imports with immediate effect, an official said.
Britain culled almost 160,000 turkeys on Monday after discovery of the highly pathogenic H5N1 strain of avian flu on a farm in eastern England run by Europe's largest turkey producer, Bernard Matthews.
Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Spain, Feb 17 (ANTARA/DPA) - Spanish police were Friday questioning a 32-year-old Mauritanian who hijacked a Boeing 737 en route from Mauritania to Las Palmas on Spain's Canary Islands, police said.
Armed with two pistols, the hijacker demanded that the pilot divert the Air Mauritanie plane to Paris, where he reportedly intended to request political asylum on Thursday.
The pilot answered that he did not have enough fuel to fly to Paris and landed in Las Palmas while some of the 71 passengers on board overpowered the hijacker.
Police said the man's motives were not clear.
Some of the passengers sustained slight injuries, many of them on jumping down from the plane in Las Palmas. 
The 14 who were hospitalized were released from hospital on Friday.
The plane flew back to Nouadhibou in Mauritania. 
It had initially taken off from Nouakchott, the capital of the north-west African country, and made a stopover in Nouadhibou.
One of Britain's most glamorous couples, actor  Hugh Grant and socialite Jemima Khan, have decided to go their separate ways, the US website.
Hugh and Jemima have decided to split amicably, Grant's publicist Robert Garlock said on the website.
The news came the same day that Grant's ex-girlfriend, British model and actress Elizabeth Hurley, and Indian businessman Arun Nayar told officials of their plan to wed.
Grant's long relationship with Hurley ended in 2000.
For the last three years Grant, 46, has been dating the 33-year-old Khan, the ex-wife of cricketer Imran Khan and daughter of the late Euroskeptic tycoon Sir James Goldsmith.
Grant, famous for playing fancy-free cads in films like Four Weddings and a Funeral or Bridget Jones, appeared content with Khan when he spoke at a press conference in London last month for his latest movie.
It's true that I have taken a long time to settle down, Grant said. 
My life is very nice now.
His latest movie, Music and Lyrics, is a romantic comedy about an over-the-hill rock star who eventually finds love in mid-life.
Zimbabwean police on Sunday confirmed the arrest of an undisclosed number of opposition Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) party supporters gathered for a rally in the capital Harare.
State radio reported on running battles between police and the MDC at Machipisa shopping centre in the low income suburb of Highfield near Zimbabwe Grounds, the venue for the rally.
A spokesman for the MDC earlier said riot police had used water cannons and teargas and beat up party supporters wanting to attend the rally that had been due to be addressed by MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai.
Police spokesman Wayne Bvudzijena confirmed police had refused to sanction the rally for political reasons, according to the report.
The rally was not sanctioned for political reasons, a decision reached on the basis of previous acts of violence perpetrated by opposition party supporters, Bvudzijena was quoted as saying.
Bvudzijena also told the radio station that police were still compiling information on people arrested and property destroyed. 
He also noted that police were maintaining a heavy presence in Highfield, a hotbed of opposition support.
MDC officials told Deutsche Presse-Agentur dpa on Sunday that dozens of the party supporters had been taken in by police.
People were thoroughly beaten. 
It (the venue) was turned into a battlefield, MDC spokesman Nelson Chamisa said in a telephone interview.
The police action came in defiance of a High Court order obtained by the party on Saturday, ruling that the rally could go ahead.
Earlier, police said they did not have the manpower to maintain crowd control, and prohibited the rally.
Police were saying they didn't have manpower, said Chamisa. 
Clearly there is enough manpower for the dictatorship, but not enough for democracy.
Tsvangirai, a former trade unionist, had been expected to launch a campaign for next year's presidential elections.
Political tension is on the rise in Zimbabwe, amid a worsening economic crisis and a controversial bid by the southern African country's longtime president, Robert Mugabe, to delay presidential polls by two years.
Chamisa said Sunday's showdown with the government had strengthened his party's resolve to bring about a political transformation in Zimbabwe, which is marked by spiralling poverty and the highest inflation rate in the world at more than 1,500 per cent.
What we need to do is liberate the country, as of yesterday, he said.
Mugabe's government is on edge as it faces a possible strike by 180,000 civil servants next week. 
The civil servants, many of them teachers, last week rejected a government offer of a 260 per cent pay increase.
State media on Sunday claimed the government workers had resolved to go on strike, despite ongoing salary negotiations, and were now working in league with the opposition to promote civil disobedience.
Four major hospitals in the capital and the second city of Bulawayo have already been crippled by a junior doctors strike that began late last year.
Militants killed two Iranian policemen and kidnapped four others in a late-night ambush in a sensitive border province before fleeing towards Pakistan, officials said on Wednesday.
The clash in the southeastern province of Sistan-Baluchestan follows an upsurge of violence in the area which the authorities blame on plots by archfoe the United States and Pakistan's inability to control its border.
Seven police fell victim to an ambush by rebels who killed two police and took four hostage late on Tuesday, the state news agency IRNA quoted police chief Esmael Ahmadi-Mogadam as saying.
The rebels who were in two cars fled towards Pakistan, he added. 
He did not give details about the fate of the seventh policeman.
He complained about the lack of cooperation from Pakistan to fight against these rebels adding that this position is unacceptable.
However, a border official in Pakistan said he had no knowledge of any such incident and dismissed Iranian complaints that its frontier security was lax.
We intercept any illegal movement and the two sides have signed several agreements for strict border control and counter-narcotics cooperation, said Captain Shahid, a spokesman for the Pakistan frontier security force in Quetta.
Sistan-Baluchestan, home to a population of minority Baluch Sunni Muslims, borders Pakistan to the south and Afghanistan to the north.
Thirteen Revolutionary Guards were killed earlier this month when militants set off a car bomb in the provincial capital Zahedan and security forces also clashed with militants in the city when a percussion bomb exploded.
The unrest in Sistan-Baluchestan has coincided with renewed clashes between Iranian forces and Kurdish rebels in the northwestern province of West Azarbaijan close to the border with Turkey.
Revolutionary Guards head General Yahya Rahim Safavi said more than 30 rebels had been killed in clashes in the northwest over the last few days and that Iranian forces still had other militants encircled.
An Australian man who worked as a baggage handler for the national airline Qantas was jailed for at least two years on Friday for stealing hair from women's luggage to satisfy a sexual fetish.
Rodney Lyle Petersen, 30, pleaded guilty in the Victorian County Court to 50 counts of theft, Australian Associated Press reported.
The court was told that Petersen would rummage through lost or delayed luggage that he was returning to passengers. 
He collected the hair from brushes and clothing, then put it inside plastic slips and record the women's personal details.
Police said he had catalogued the hair in more than 80 bags.
Petersen's lawyer told the court that his client did not mean to frighten the women because they were not meant to find out.
The court was told that Petersen suffered from a range of sexual deviances.
He was sentenced to two years and eight months in jail, with a non-parole period of two years.
Physically active young adults are less likely than their more sedentary peers to develop high blood pressure, also known as hypertension, a new study confirms.
Exercise has been demonstrated to reduce older adults' likelihood of developing high blood pressure, but there is little information on how physical activity affects hypertension risk in younger adults, blacks, and women, Emily D. Parker of the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis and colleagues note in the American Journal of Public Health.
To investigate, Parker and her team analyzed data on 3,993 black and white 18- to 30-year-old men and women who were followed for 15 years. 
The men were the most active, followed by white women and black women.
Study participants' risk of developing hypertension during follow-up dropped by 11 percent for every additional 300-exercise-unit increase in activity, equivalent to about five weekly exercise sessions burning 300 calories each.
The most physically active individuals were 17 percent less likely to develop hypertension than the least active ones, and the effect was the same for both men and women and blacks and whites.
Based on their results, Parker and her colleagues say physical activity merits attention in the prevention of incident hypertension among young adults, particularly as they move into middle age.
Western governments including the US and Britain are trying to topple President Robert Mugabe by funding the opposition Movement for Democratic Change, the Zimbabwe government said Wednesday.
Information Minister Sikhanyiso Ndlovu said there was clear evidence Harare's long-time foes were working with the MDC whose leader Morgan Tsvangirai is currently in intensive care after being arrested in a government crackdown.
Government has noticed with utter dismay the unconditional statement of support to the violent MDC by a number of Western governments, including those of Britain, America and New Zealand, Ndlovu said in a statement.
It also notes the role of big Western media networks led by the BBC and CNN in seeking to absolve the MDC from obvious and inescapable blame for public violence. 
This is in addition to the massive funding the opposition recently got from the same governments to underwrite the present campaign.
All this reinforces already available evidence of support and funding of the MDC by these foreign governments to realise those governments' avowed goal of bringing about regime change in Zimbabwe as punishment for our daring to reclaim our land, he added.
Mugabe, the target of Western sanctions after allegations of vote-rigging and an often violent seizures of farms from their white owners, has regularly accused the MDC of being agents of former colonial power Britain.
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, who has heavily criticised the arrests and subsequent beating of Tsvangirai and dozens of his supporters, has previously described Zimbabwe as an outpost of tyranny.
One man was killed and three were injured when two military training helicopters collided in mid-air on Wednesday, the Ministry of Defence said.
The aircraft crashed over the Royal Air Force's Ternhill airbase near Market Drayton, Shropshire.
One of the casualties is seriously injured. 
No more details of the collision or those hurt were released.
The helicopters, each carrying two people, were single-engine trainers called Squirrels, used to instruct pilots in the RAF, army and navy.
One was based at the RAF's Central Flying School and the other at No. 660 Squadron, located at the Defence Helicopter Flying school at RAF Shawbury in Shropshire.
Australia's controversial Immigration Minister Amanda Vanstone was stripped of her post Tuesday in a frontbench reshuffle by Prime Minister John Howard.
The department will be renamed the Department of Immigration and Citizenship, dropping a previous reference to multicultural affairs.
The whole purpose of immigration is to recruit more people to the broader Australian family, Howard told a news conference.
Vanstone will be replaced by Kevin Andrews, who has been moved from his position as Workplace Relations Minister.
That post, crucial to promoting the government's labour reforms ahead of an election later this year, will be taken by human services minister Joe Hockey.
Former merchant banker Malcolm Turnbull has joined the cabinet as Environment Minister, a portfolio taking in the problem of water resources in the driest inhabited continent on earth, which is facing its worst drought in a century.
He replaces Ian Campbell, who has been demoted to the human services portfolio a non-cabinet post.
Howard refused to give reasons for sacking Vanstone, but the immigration department has been involved in a series of embarrassing bungles, including the deportation and detention of Australian citizens.
There is as yet no confirmation of the deaths of targeted Al-Qaeda suspects who may have been killed in recent fighting in Somalia, Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi said in an interview published in the Financial Times on Monday.
Meles told the business daily that though bloodied papers had been found belonging to Aden Hashi Ayro, a militant suspected by the United States of protecting leaders of an east African Al-Qaeda cell that bombed US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania in 1998, reported sightings of him suggest he is alive.
The prime minister also said that Sheikh Hassan Dahir Aweys and Hassan Turki, two leaders of the Islamic Courts Union a hard-line Islamist party that implemented Sharia law in the parts of Somalia it controlled were alive and moving in and out of Kenya on the border.
We do not have definite information on a number of the key Al-Qaeda targets. 
There are reports that one or two of them might have died but we have no confirmation, Meles was quoted as saying by the FT.
Ethiopia intervened in Somalia in December in a US-backed offensive, followed by successive US air strikes against suspected Al-Qaeda operatives there.
The Committee to Protect Journalists painted a bleak image of press freedom in its annual report Monday, accusing governments and guerrillas alike of controlling, intimidating and censoring the media.
From tightening controls on the press in Russia to Internet restrictions in China, the New York-based watchdog said governments were increasingly shifting from overt repression to more subtle ways to muzzle their critics in the media.
The Attacks on the Press report said that while journalists were protected by international law, in an era in which even US officials describe the Geneva Conventions as 'quaint,' these protections increasingly exist in name only.
Events in Iraq and Lebanon reflect the erosion in war correspondents' traditional status as neutral observers, the group's executive director Joel Simon said in the introduction to the more than 300-page report.
In Iraq, the most dangerous conflict in CPJ's history, insurgents so routinely target reporters that more than two-thirds of media deaths are murders, not acts of war, he added.
The report said that while there was no evidence to suggest that the 14 journalists killed by US forces in Iraq were deliberately targeted, none of the killings had been adequately investigated by the military.
Journalists traditionally rely more on savvy than international law to stay alive in war zones, often promising insurgent and guerrilla groups an opportunity to get their message out to the world.
It said that many insurgents, however, preferred to use the Internet to disseminate their message. Among these groups, journalists are dispensable.
The state of affairs is deeply disturbing because it means that the public knows little about vital issues, it added.
The report identified Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin as among the worst offenders.
Presidents Chavez and Putin represent a generation of sophisticated, elected leaders who have created a legal framework to control, intimidate, and censor the news media, the report said.
The rise of 'democratators' -- popularly elected autocrats -- is alarming because it represents a new model for government control, it said, accusing the leaders of tolerating the facade of democracy while gutting it from within.
Other nations take a revolving-door approach, imprisoning journalists and releasing them before an international outcry.
It said Iran, for example, had banned more than 100 publications and jailed dozens of journalists since 2000, and while many were released after relatively short periods, the official threat of re-arrest hung over them.
Certainly, there are countries that still rely on brute force; Cuba and Eritrea, where dozens of journalists are imprisoned, are among them. 
But overt repression, more and more, has given way to other techniques.
It accused governments of calculated indifference in many journalists' killings, contending that in 85 percent of cases in which journalists were murdered in the last 15 years, no one was ever brought to justice.
This unsolved violence provokes massive self-censorship, it said.
The watchdog said 13 journalists had been murdered in Russia since Putin took power in 2000 and that none of the killers had been brought to justice.
This record causes reporters to ask fewer questions, to probe less deeply, to pass up risky stories, it said. Putin, while professing concern, benefits from this state of fear.
China, meanwhile, was depriving its citizens of basic information, it said, by erecting massive firewalls and enlisting corporate cooperation to control the medium.
The flood of information that circulates in the Internet age can blind us to the fact that enemies of press freedom still succeed in keeping vital stories from the public eye, Simon said in summary.
We are saturated with information but often deprived of essential news.
UN chief Ban Ki-Moon on Monday called for bold steps by Israel and the Palestinians to jumpstart the ailing Middle East peace process.
Without bold steps to guarantee security of the Palestinian and Israeli civilian populations, and without tangible measures that will enable the Palestinians to lead a normal economic and social life, the political process will not succeed, he said.
He made the remarks in a message delivered by his assistant secretary general for political affairs, Angela Kane, to a UN seminar on aid to the Palestinians in Doha, Qatar.
Ban urged Israel to lift all restrictions on moving goods and people in the occupied Palestinian territory and on Palestinians to take firm measures to cease rocket fire and other indiscriminate attacks against Israeli civilians as necessary steps to revive the peace process.
The UN secretary general also warned that Israeli restrictions, ongoing settlement activities and construction of a controversial West Bank barrier continued to have a devastating impact on the precarious economy of the occupied Palestinian territory and to create a serious humanitarian emergency.
These steps also complicate efforts to achieve a two-state solution to the conflict, he added.
Israel justifies its massive barrier of electric fencing, barbed wire and concrete walls by insisting it is vital to stop potential attackers from infiltrating the country and settlements in the West Bank.
The Palestinians have condemned the barrier, which carves a 650 kilometre (400-mile) route through the West Bank, as a bid to grab their land and undermine the viability of a promised future state.
The International Court of Justice issued a non-binding ruling in July 2004 that parts of the barrier were illegal and should be torn down.
Meanwhile the UN secretary general stressed that internal Palestinian tensions are further compounding an already dismal situation, in a reference to the clashes between the rival Palestinian Fatah and Hamas organizations in Gaza.
But he also hailed renewed efforts by the Middle East Quartet -- the  UN, the United States, Russia and the European Union -- to revive Israeli-Palestinian negotiations and the resumption of direct talks between Israeli and Palestinian leaders.
The Quartet agreed at a meeting in Washington Friday to endorse an initiative by US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to speed up efforts towards the creation of a Palestinian state.
It also agreed to extend a debilitating, year-old aid embargo on the Hamas-led Palestinian government until the Islamist movement recognizes Israel's right to exist, renounces violence and honors past peace agreements.
It is vital to build on these steps with a credible political process that is supported by the world community, Ban said. 
We must all focus on resolving the conflict, and on improving the socio-economic situation, not merely managing its inevitable crises.
And he told reporters here that he fully backed a trilateral meeting later this month between US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, the Palestinian Authority and Israeli leaders. 
The two-day Doha meeting, sponsored by the UN Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People, is to assess the socio-economic and humanitarian crises in the occupied Palestinian territory, review international and regional responses to the needs of the Palestinians and explore ways to ensure a Palestinian economic recovery.
The Pentagon announced Friday that it is accelerating the deployment of a division headquarters to Iraq by about three months, adding another 1,000 troops to a surge in forces.
The 3rd Infantry Division headquarters based in Fort Stewart, Georgia will deploy next month instead of in June, a Pentagon statement said.
The headquarters will provide command and control, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance capabilities in support of Baghdad security operations, it said.
Earlier, the commander of a multinational division in Baghdad said the military was looking at a second division headquarters for the Baghdad area because of the swelling size of the US force in the capital.
About 35,000 US troops are now assigned to the city, including eight combat brigades, said Major General Joseph Fil, adding that he expects to get more brigades.
Fil, who spoke to reporters here via video conference from Baghdad, said his headquarters does not now have a problem controlling that size force.
But we are looking hard at bringing in another division headquarters that might take regions perhaps to the outside of Baghdad in order to allow us to further concentrate our efforts inside the city, he said.
With additional brigades, Fil said he also will need more combat support and combat services troops.
I haven't put a number on it. 
We have requested specific elements -- in other words, additional attack helicopters and additional engineers, he said.
The 3rd Infantry Division division already has 4,500 troops in Iraq, and another 8,000 are preparing to deploy in March and May, the US Army said. 
The headquarters move will involve about 1,000 soldiers.
President George W. Bush has ordered the deployment of some 21,500 additional combat troops to Iraq as part of a major push to halt a slide toward civil war and secure Baghdad.
The Pentagon has not said how many support troops it will send but disputes an estimate by the Congressional Budget Office that the surge could grow to between 35,000 and 48,000 additional troops when support forces are taken into account.
There are currently 141,000 US troops in Iraq.
A double car bombing ripped through a crowded Baghdad market Sunday, killing at least 60 people and wounding more than 130 in a first vicious blow to the city's new US-led security operation.
Where is the security plan? wailed distraught relatives crowded outside the Iraqi capital's Kindi Hospital, as fleets of ambulances and civilian trucks ferried the dead and dying into an overworked emergency room.
Kindi received 42 corpses including 10 children aged between five and 10 and was treating 83 seriously wounded patients, medics said.
Ibn Nafees Hospital saw 14 dead and 20 critically injured men, women and children, a medic there said. 
The doctors warned that these figures would rise and a security official put the latest toll at 60 dead.
A first explosion ripped through a crowded vegetable market in Baghdad Jadida, a mixed but mainly Shiite district of east Baghdad.
At almost the same moment, another booby-trapped car detonated a few hundred metres (yards) away near a row of electrical goods shops.
Desperate bystanders scoured the blackened debris for wounded loved ones, while shell-shocked bystanders loaded the injured into civilian vehicles.
In a separate attack in nearby Sadr City, a suicide car bomber attacked a checkpoint manned by Iraqi police commandos, killed one policeman and one civilian bystander and wounded 11 more, a security official said.
Earlier, an unidentified sniper shot dead three civilians shopping in the Fadhel district of the city, according to a defence official.
Separately, the US military announced its first casualties since the launch of the plan two soldiers killed in north Baghdad on Saturday, one by an insurgent's grenade, the other by small arms fire.
Car bomb attacks in east Baghdad are the hallmark of Sunni extremists targeting Shiite civilians in the Iraqi capital's vicious sectarian war.
Last Monday, at least 79 people were killed in similar attacks on Shiite markets, but the violence had tailed off since the launch of a large-scale security operation by US and Iraqi forces on Wednesday.
Shortly before the blasts, the commander of Iraqi forces involved in the operation, General Abboud Gambar, had toured parts of Baghdad Jadida with reporters to demonstrate the progress made by his forces.
I want to tell the people, from this place, that security is coming to Baghdad, Gambar told reporters. 
We will chase the terrorists out of Baghdad.
Some 50 people drowned in the murky waters of Nigeria's oil-rich Niger Delta after the boat they were travelling on capsized, local media reported Friday.
The wooden passenger and cargo boat hit turbulent weather shortly after leaving the jetty at the Bayelsa state capital Yenagoa on Thursday but allegedly went under because it was overloaded with people and freight.
The boat may have sunk under its own weight as it was overloaded with cargo by the operator. It was said to have developed a mechanical problem which made it easy for the waves to overcome it during turbulence, Nigerian newspaper This Day reported.
Passengers had fled to the lower deck because of the heavy downpour, getting trapped on that level when the boat capsized on the Nun River.
Most of the passengers were women and children, local media said.
Dozens of people were killed last month when a vessel heading from neighbouring Cameroon to Nigeria capsized, apparently carrying too much cargo.
Colombia denied Sunday that its army commander collaborated with outlaw, private paramilitary squads, as a US newspaper reported based on CIA documents.
The government of Colombia rejects accusations that foreign intelligence agencies have made against General Mario Montoya through leaks to the press without any prior evidence having been presented to Colombia's justice system or government, said a statement released from the presidential palace.
Montoya was previously commander of the 4th army brigade before President Alvaro Uribe named him to command the army.
Uribe has been dogged by accusations that he has ties to the right-wing paramilitary armies, dating back to his days as governor of Antioquia province.
More recently, accusations of ties to the paramilitaries forced the resignation of Uribe's foreign minister, after her brother and several other senators of Uribe's governing coalition were arrested on suspicion of collaborating with the paramilitaries.
Uribe's choice to head Colombia's secret police was also implicated.
Colombia is the closest US ally in the region, and the United States has lavished 4.8 billion dollars on Plan Colombia, to fight drug trafficking and leftist rebels.
The Colombian government asks foreign intelligence agencies to present any evidentiary accusation against members of Colombia's institutions to the judicial authorities, the statement said.
The Los Angeles Times reported Sunday that the US Central Intelligence Agency has information showing Montoya collaborated with the paramilitaries Washington considers terrorist groups.
The CIA report says Montoya and a paramilitary group jointly conducted a military operation in 2002 to eliminate Marxist guerrillas from poor areas around Medellin, Colombia's industrial city, according to the Times account.
At least 14 people died during the operation, and Uribe opponents allege that dozens more disappeared in its aftermath, the report said.
In the CIA document, an informant reported that the army, police and paramilitaries had signed documents spelling out their plans for the operation, Times said.
The signatories, according to the informant, were Montoya, the local police commander and paramilitary leader Fabio Jaramillo, a subordinate of Diego Fernando Murillo Bejarano, the head of Medellin paramilitaries.
Murillo took control of Medellin's drug trade after Pablo Escobar died, the report said. 
He is now in a Colombian prison, and the Unites States wants his extradition.
Montoya has served as an instructor at the US-sponsored military training center formerly called the School of the Americas, the paper said.
An American civilian and two other foreigners were wounded on Monday when the US embassy in Baghdad came under indirect fire, a US military spokesman said.
There was an indirect fire attack that impacted near the embassy and one US civilian and two third country nationals were wounded. 
They're being treated, Lieutenant Colonel Christopher Garver told AFP.
They were hurt while in the vicinity of the embassy at the time of the attack, Garver said. 
He could not confirm whether the American or the other two people were embassy employees.
A second bout of indirect fire near the embassy took place later but caused no casualties. 
A US official told AFP there was no significant damage to the embassy building.
At approximately 4:20 pm Baghdad local time there was an explosion in the international zone. 
Preliminary reports indicate it was a rocket. 
There are no casualties reported. 
Damage was minimal, he said.
The attack came just hours after outgoing US ambassador Zalmay Khalilzad gave a farewell news conference following a 21-month posting to Baghdad.
Climate experts were trying to agree on Friday on the bleakest U.N. warning yet about the impacts of global warming, foreseeing hunger and water shortages in Africa and Asia, extinctions of species and rising oceans.
Delegates from more than 100 nations in the U.N. climate panel were locked in overnight talks in Brussels, seeking to overcome differences about a 21-page summary for policymakers to allow planned publication at 08:00 GMT.
The talks, which began on Monday, are to review and approve a report warning that climate change could lead to lower crop yields in Africa, a thaw of Himalayan glaciers and a rise in ocean levels that could last for centuries.
It will say climate change, blamed mainly on human emissions of greenhouse gases from burning fossil fuels, is no longer a vague, distant threat for the planet.
The whole of climate change is something actually here and now rather than something for the future, Neil Adger, a British lead author of the report, said in a break from the late-night talks.
He said the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) would make a much stronger statement about the regional impacts of climate change than in its previous report in 2001.
U.N. officials, who had hoped for the talks to be completed on Thursday, predicted that they might end around 2 a.m. (00:00 GMT) on Friday.
Negotiators slightly watered down threats of extinctions.
Approximately 20-30 percent of plant and animal species assessed so far are likely to be at increased risk of extinction if increases in global average temperature exceed 1.5-2.5 degrees Celsius (2.7-4.5 Fahrenheit), an agreed text said.
The draft had said that 20-30 percent of all species would be at high risk of extinction with those temperature rises.
There are very, very many (outstanding issues), and many of them are small, said Wolfgang Cramer, a delegate from Germany.
The report, which is approved by governments as well as scientists, will set the tone for policy making in coming years,
including the effort to extend the U.N.'s Kyoto Protocol beyond 2012.
Kyoto binds 35 rich nations to cut greenhouse gas emissions but has been undercut by a 2001 pullout by the United States, the top emitter. 
President George W. Bush says Kyoto would cost U.S. jobs and wrongly excludes developing nations such as China.
Friday's report will be the second by the IPCC this year.
In February, the first said it was more than 90 percent probable that mankind was to blame for most global warming since 1950.
Friday's report makes clear that developing nations are likely to suffer most even though they have done little to burn fossil fuels since the Industrial Revolution.
South Korea and China plan to set up military hotlines to handle unforeseen situations in the Yellow Sea as part of efforts to strengthen their security ties, officials said Friday.
The deal will be finalised at talks next week between South Korean President Roh Moo-Hyun and Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao, military officials said. 
Wen is scheduled to visit Seoul on April 10-11.
South Korean Defence Minister Yoon Kwang-Ung offered to set up military hotlines at talks with his Chinese counterpart Cao Gangchuan in Seoul last April. 
Yoon also proposed holding joint naval rescue operations.
The issue of setting up hotlines has been discussed at working-level meetings following talks between the defence chiefs of the two countries, a defence ministry official told AFP on condition of anonymity.
A final deal should be made at talks between Roh and Wen, he said.
Chinese troops fought for North Korea during the 1950-53 Korean War. 
But Seoul and Beijing have stepped up economic and diplomatic cooperation since they normalised ties in 1992.
Military officials said the hotlines would help China and South Korea exchange information on the infiltration of any unidentified aircraft or ships onto the Korean peninsula.
The hotlines will also help the two countries reduce tensions in the Yellow Sea, where dozens of Chinese vessels engage in illegal fishing every day, they said.
Unidentified attackers petrol-bombed a Yemeni mosque Friday, wounding 30 worshippers, eight of them seriously, the official Saba news agency reported.
The attackers struck during the main weekly Muslim prayers at the mosque in Amran province, north of the capital, the news agency said.
Thirty people suffered burns, eight of them serious ones, after unknown individuals entered the mosque... and then proceeded to spray the worshippers with petrol and set them alight, Saba quoted a provincial official as saying.
Other members of the congregation suffered from the effects of smoke inhalation, the official added.
There was no immediate word on who might have carried out the attack or whether there was any connection with a deadly three-year-old rebellion among the Zaidi minority in Yemen's northern mountains.
South Korea's health minister on Friday expressed his intention to resign over the parliament's rejection of a bill meant to reform the national pension fund law, the Yonhap News Agency reported.
Citing sources at the presidential office, the report said Health and Welfare Minister Rhyu Si Min conveyed his intention to President Roh Moo Hyun during a dinner meeting.
Rhyu, an aide of the president, has offered him a strong support since the time of the 2002 presidential election. 
Roh is likely to accept Ryu's resignation, the report said.
Rhyu, well-known for his outspoken manner, was inaugurated by Roh in February 2006 without parliamentary approval after a hearing was embroiled over his remarks.
The bill, turned down by the assembly on Monday, would have reduced beneficiaries' pension payments from the current 60 percent to 50 percent of the beneficiary's total income. 
It would have also raised subscribers' payments because the fund is expected to be depleted in four decades, according to Yonhap.
US Democrats will not seek to cut funding for US troops in Iraq but will insist on political progress in the war-torn country as a condition, a key senator said Sunday.
We're not going to cut off funding for the troops, the Democratic chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, Carl Levin, told ABC news, commenting on the Democrats' bid to timetable the forces' withdrawal.
President George W. Bush has vowed to veto any legislation to withdraw the troops next year, raising the question of how they would proceed with their drive to wind up the bloody war.
What we should do, and we're going to do, is continue to press this president to put some pressure on the Iraqi leaders to reach a political settlement, Levin said.
Lawmakers passed Democrat-sponsored proposals that would make crucial funding for the Iraq war conditional on pulling out the troops. 
Bush dismissed the Democrats' efforts to set a date as a political statement.
The House of Representatives and Senate passed bills with different pullout deadlines, August 31, 2008, and March 31, 2008, respectively. 
The two chambers must reconcile the two bills before agreeing on a single text to send to Bush.
On Saturday Bush urged the Democrats to pass their bill to him as soon as possible so he could veto it and Congress could get to work on drafting an alternative to fund the troops.
Levin responded on Sunday by calling on Bush to fulfill his promise to make the Iraqis meet political benchmarks. 
These conditions will still be included in the funding bill even if the withdrawal timetable is scrapped, he said.
The Iraqis have not kept any of the benchmarks that they set for themselves so far: dividing resources, dividing the oil resources, sharing power, Levin said.
The chairman of the Senate Republican Conference, Jon Kyl, denied Iraqis were failing to meet these conditions, however.
The Iraqis are beginning to do the things that we've asked them to do, he told CNN, citing a US military report. 
They are cooperating with us.
That's one of the reasons this new (troop) surge strategy is working.
Congress has gone on Easter recess. 
The Senate is expected to resume its work on April 10, while the House of Representatives returns April 16.
US Secretary of Defence Robert Gates arrived in Cairo Wednesday for talks with President Hosni Mubarak on the Middle East peace process and weapons sales.
I'm going to be interested in President Mubarak's views on the situation in region, said Gates, speaking ahead of departure to Cairo.
The defence secretary, on a Middle East tour that began on Monday in Amman, said he will also discuss with the Egyptian leader events in Iraq, Iran's growing strength in the region and the situation in Lebanon.
His trip to Egypt was delayed by a day due to the fierce sandstorm that closed down the Cairo airport for several hours on Tuesday.
Gates, in the region to rally support for Iraq's government and counter Iran's growing influence, held talks with King Abdullah II in Amman on Tuesday.
Mahendra Chaudhry, who was ousted as Fiji's prime minister in a coup six years ago, was returned to government on Tuesday by the country's military chief who has assumed power after a military takeover last month, according to reports from the capital Suva.
Military Commander Voreqe (Frank) Bainimarama, who has had himself sworn in as prime minister, named Chaudhry as Finance Minister with additional responsibilities for national planning, public enterprises and reform of the sugar industry, in his new cabinet.
Although Bainimarama insists it is an interim government, another minister, Jona Senilagakali, who has the health portfolio, told Australia's ABC Radio that he believed it would be at least a year before new elections will be held.
Chaudhry, who was the first ethnic Indian to become prime minister after his Labour Party won an election in 1999, was overthrown the following May by an armed group of indigenous Fijian nationalists led by businessman George Speight.
He and members of his cabinet were held hostage at parliament by Speight and his supporters for more than seven weeks before the military installed indigenous Fijian banker Laisenia Qarase as prime minister.
Bainimarama overthrew Qarase on December  5, claiming his government was corrupt, introduced policies favouring indigenous Fijians over the Indian minority and was planning to pardon Speight, who is serving a life sentence for treason, and his fellow coup plotters.
Chaudhry said his appointment was a strange twist of destiny, because he had been given the same post in 1987 when former military chief and prime minister Sitiveni Rabuka overthrew the first government dominated by ethnic Indians, although it was led by Fijian Timoci Bavadra.
Both New Zealand and Australia have condemned Bainimarama's coup and announced sanctions, including warning that anyone taking a post in his government will be banned from entering their countries.    
He said the interim administration would look for economic support from China if Australia and New Zealand continued to shun the new military-backed regime. 
The widow of Rwanda's former president Juvenal Habyarimana, whose murder sparked the 1994 genocide, has been denied asylum by France on the grounds she may have played a role in the killing spree, a judicial source said Wednesday.
Agathe Habyarimana's July 2004 request for asylum was turned down on January 4 by France's refugee office OFPRA, which said in its ruling that she may have taken part as a instigator or accomplice in the crime of genocide.
Habyarimana, who has lived in France since she was evacuated by French troops after the genocide, will have a chance to appeal the decision before a refugees' commission on January 25.
One of her lawyers, Philippe Meilhac, denounced the decision as baseless, pointing out that no action has been taken against her by the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) trying the perpetrators of the genocide.
Habyarimana is a civil plaintiff in a French investigation into the downing of the plane carrying her husband, a Hutu, on April 6, 1994, which touched off the massacre of close to 800,000 people, mainly minority Tutsis.
Rwanda broke diplomatic relations with France last month after the judge in charge of the case called for President Paul Kagame, a Tutsi, to face trial over Habyarimana's death. Kagame has always denied any involvement.
Anti-apartheid campaigner and Nobel Peace Prize-winner Nelson Mandela was named as the most popular political hero in a survey of British MPs published in The Independent on Tuesday.
Mandela was nominated by 27 MPs in a survey of more than 150 members of the lower House of Commons conducted by CommunicateResearch, followed by former British prime minister Margaret Thatcher with 12 nominations and British war-time leader Winston Churchill with 11.
Current British Prime Minister Tony Blair was fourth with seven, and former health secretary Aneurin Bevan, credited as one of the architects of Britain's government-run National Health Service, rounded out the top five.
The MPs were given free rein in the survey to nominate anyone as their hero, leading to a wide variety of submissions.
One member of parliament named Jed Bartlett, the fictional American president played by Martin Sheen in the US television drama The West Wing.
Another listed Theoden, King of Rohan, a character from JRR Tolkien's Lord of the Rings, while one nominated Boudica, queen of a Celtic tribe from eastern Britain who led an uprising against the occupying Roman Empire in the year 61.
Among the more conventional nominations, meanwhile, were former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, who had four submissions, and former US president Bill Clinton.
The Lebanese opposition decided late Tuesday to stop its one-day strike and blockade of roads, in which three people have been killed and more than 133 others wounded.
The opposition has decided not to extend their strike until Wednesday, a statement by the opposition said.
A Lebanese security source said, Arab efforts carried behind the scenes led the opposition to halt their originally intended one-day strike, which led to violence and closure of main roads.
Thick clouds of smoke billowed over Beirut and other cities as demonstrators have been blocking roads with burning tyres and old cars since dawn.
Some protestors lay down on the roads to block traffic while many shops, business and schools were forced to shut as main roads had been closed.
The opposition have been staging sit-ins since December 1 in downtown Beirut to topple the Seniora government, which took office after the elections following the withdrawal of Syrian troops in 2005, with a national unity cabinet in which the governing coalition would have a minority veto.
Lebanese Prime Minister Fouad Seniora has called on the Parliament to hold an extraordinary session to discuss Lebanon's ongoing political crisis.
An ultra-leftist group opposed to the conflict in Iraq has claimed responsibility for attacks on a U.S. military base near Tokyo this week, police said on Saturday.
Two projectiles were fired near the U.S. Army's Camp Zama base, about 25 miles (40 km) southwest of Tokyo, late on Monday.
There were no injuries and no damage.
The Kakumeigun, or Revolutionary Army, group claimed responsibility for the incident, a police spokesman said.
The attacks were aimed at disrupting the realignment of U.S. forces in Japan as well as the planned three-day visit to Japan by U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney from Tuesday, the group said in a statement, according to the police spokesman.
Police said they believed the small and little-known group belonged to the Revolutionary Workers' Council (Kakuryokyo), which was blamed for a string of high-profile projectile and arson attacks in the 1990s.
Such groups have targeted U.S. military installations in Japan in the past and the Iraq conflict has prompted police to step up security at such facilities.
The United States has 50,000 troops stationed in Japan under the U.S.-Japan security alliance. 
Residents have complained in the past about crime, noise and pollution associated with the bases.
But the public generally supports the alliance.
Japan sent about 550 non-combat troops to southern Iraq.
That mission ended last July, but about 200 air force personnel remain in Kuwait to transport supplies to the U.S.-led coalition.
US Democrats Sunday vowed to find new ways to pressure President George W. Bush over his handling of the Iraq war, after failing to break a Senate deadlock to hold a debate on his unpopular strategy.
Democrats regrouped from Saturday's legislative setback by floating new strategies to challenge the president's plan to introduce a surge of some 21,500 US combat forces into Iraq.
Top among the options under consideration by Democratic lawmakers is a proposed measure that would revoke the October 2002 authorization that allowed Bush to invade Iraq.
US Senator Carl Levin, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said Sunday that a vote on revoking Bush's war authority --which he finds preferable to cutting funds to US troops outright -- was probably the best approach.
The Iraq war resolution approved by the Senate more than four years ago, he said was a wide open authorization which allowed him (Bush) to do just about anything and put us now deep into combat in Iraq, and now into the neighborhoods of Baghdad.
I think we'll be looking at a modification of that authorization in order to limit the mission of American troops to a support mission instead of a combat mission, and that is very different from cutting off funds, said Levin.
He vowed, however, that one way or another Democrats would pull out the stops to pass legislation taking the president to task for his handling of Iraq, even if they did not succeed in getting a vote on a symbolic censure measure Saturday.
It may be more difficult than to get a binding resolution passed, but we're going to continue to try, because we are determined that we're going to change course in Iraq, he told Fox television, 
He calling the administration's plan to send 21,500 fresh troops to Iraq a mistake.
It's just going to plunge us in deeper into a civil war. 
This is not a surge. 
This is a plunge which we're talking about into the unknown and into maybe the unknowable, the Democrat said.
Levin added that a new war authorization would allow Congress to set new boundaries for US forces in Iraq and end this unlimited mission.
Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman Joseph Biden agreed on the need to repeal and restate the president's authority, make it clear that the purpose that he has troops in there is to, in fact, protect against Al-Qaeda gaining chunks of territory, training the Iraqi forces.
 It's not to get in the midst of a civil war.
Without advocating any specific proposal for forcing the administration to alter its course in Iraq, Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid said various options were being explored.
Any proposal, I think, offered by any member of Congress, I think we should look at very seriously. 
It involves the worst foreign policy mistake in the history of this country, he told CNN television.
A non-binding resolution criticizing Bush's war plan had better luck in the House of Representatives, passing Friday by a 246-182 vote along mainly party lines.
Belarus police have crushed the first legal demonstration in years by several thousand opponents of President Aleksander Lukashenko in Minsk, reports said Sunday.
According to the witnesses, special security forces forcibly removed protestors from October Square in the centre of Minsk.
However, it had not been permitted to deviate from a route approved by the authorities.
Ten days after his Fatah party joined the Islamic Hamas movement in a unity government, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas asked US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice Monday to pressure Israel to revive peace talks, a senior aide said.
President Abbas told Rice that confining talks between the Palestinian and Israeli sides to humanitarian and security issues is insufficient, chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat told reporters as Rice, on a diplomatic blitz through the Middle East, held talks with Abbas in Amman for the second time in as many days.
Rice also held a two-hour meeting Monday night with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert, the second of her current visit.    
She had been slated to hold a news conference Monday evening,
Summarizing her visit and announcing a strategy of indirect, parallel shuttle negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians under US mediation. 
But the encounter was postponed until Tuesday morning amid reports of Israeli objections to the US shuttle diplomacy approach.
Israel says it will not revive peace negotiations so long as the Hamas-Fatah government, like the Hamas-only cabinet that it replaced, refused to recognize the Jewish state's right to exist. 
Instead, it is willing to hold bilateral talks with Abbas, the Fatah leader, but only on improving Palestinian living conditions and enhancing security cooperation.
Authority is required in order to create the correct equation for encouraging a fruitful negotiating process, Olmert told his cabinet Sunday. 
Referring to the new government's platform and its failure to free an Israeli soldier held captive in Gaza by Hamas.
Earlier Monday, Rice had said she had no intention of taking over Israeli-Palestinian peace talks.
I don't intend by any means to take control of the Israeli Palestinian bilateral dialogue, she said after meeting Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni, following her return to Jerusalem from Amman.
In Ramallah Sunday, Rice stressed, I think that it is extremely important that there be a political horizon for Israelis and Palestinians. 
But she indirectly admitted the time was not ripe for direct negotiations, saying, I think this time it is best to talk about that political horizon in parallel.
Her visit to the region, the central feature of enhanced diplomacy since the Fatah-Hamas government was sworn in Saturday last week, coincided with that of United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon, who said after meeting Olmert in Jerusalem Monday that President Abbas is ready for peace.
While insisting the new government must meet international criteria of non-violence and recognition of Israel, Ban said it should be given some political space to do so.
The visits to the region by Rice and Ban come ahead of a crucial Arab League summit in Riyadh this week, at which participants are expected to relaunch a 2002 peace proposal which promises recognition of Israel by Arab states in return for a full Israeli withdrawal from the West Bank.
Jordan's King Abdullah II on Monday urged Israel to accept the Arab peace initiative and leave the territories it occupied in the 1967 war, if it wants to live in peace with Arab countries.
In an interview with Dubai-based al-Arabiyah satellite television, the monarch also cited a unified Palestinian attitude based on honouring all accords concluded with Israel as a prerequisite for lasting Middle East peace.
We should send a message to Israel that it bears a big responsibility toward peace in this region, Abdullah said.
If it has a sincere desire to live in peace it should seek such peace, accept the Arab peace initiative, end the occupation, recognize the principle of the two states and apply this on the ground in accordance with international legitimacy resolutions and agreements concluded with the Palestinians, he added.
The Arab peace initiative, which was first endorsed by the Arab summit conference in Beirut in 2002, envisages the recognition of the Jewish state by all Arab countries if Israel quits all Arab land it occupied in the 1967 war, including East Jerusalem.
The Arab summit, scheduled for Wednesday and Thursday in Riyadh, is expected to re-launch the blueprint by presenting it anew to the world's influential capitals.
The monarch went on to say what is required from the Palestinians is a unified stance based on commitment to all accords they have reached with the Israeli side.
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, who is due to end a landmark tour of the region within a few hours, denied she was seeking an amendment of the document at the behest of Israel, but urged Arab leaders to come up with a mechanism for reinvigorating their peace initiative.
Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir was set to meet UN chief Ban Ki-moon in Riyadh on Tuesday to discuss the Darfur conflict as Khartoum continues to defy demands to allow UN peacekeepers into the war-torn region.
Beshir has consistently rejected UN plans to deploy a peacekeeping force in Darfur and refused to turn over war crimes suspects to the International Criminal Court.
An Arab League official said on Monday the Riyadh talks would also be attended by Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah, Arab League chief Amr Mussa and the head of the African Union's executive arm, Alpha Oumar Konare.
According to the United Nations, at least 200,00O people have died and more than two million been displaced since the conflict between rebels and government forces erupted in Darfur in February 2003. 
Some sources say the death toll is much higher.
Tuesday's talks come on the eve of the annual Arab summit in the Saudi capital which Ban is also due to attend.
On Monday Beshir again refused to have Ahmed Haroun, the current secretary of state for humanitarian affairs who is suspected by the International Criminal Court (ICC) of Darfur war crimes, questioned or sacked.
Haroun will not resign or be fired and will not be interrogated, Beshir told the independent daily Al-Sudani in a new tirade against the tribunal.
Sudanese Foreign Minister Lam Akol echoed Beshir's comments in Riyadh on Monday, saying the ICC had no right to put any Sudanese citizen on trial.
Beshir's remarks came after last week's announcement by Sudan's general prosecutor that Haroun would be questioned over crimes in the troubled western Sudanese region, despite having been earlier cleared of any wrongdoing by the country's judiciary.
In February, ICC prosecutor Luis-Moreno Ocampo accused Haroun and a local militia leader of 51 crimes against humanity and war crimes -- including murder, torture and mass rape.
Rwanda's first post-genocide president walked out of prison on Friday, freed after a presidential pardon for a 15-year sentence he received on charges that included inciting ethnic violence.
Pasteur Bizimungu was jailed in 2004 after a trial critics said was politically motivated. 
He had been convicted for creating a militia, embezzling state funds and inciting ethnic violence in a nation still healing from genocide.
An ethnic Hutu, he became president when the ruling Tutsi-dominated Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) took power after the genocide in which extremists from the Hutu majority butchered 800,000 Tutsis and politically moderate Hutus.
President Paul Kagame, whose Tutsi-led Rwandan Patriotic Army ended the hundred days of slaughter, was then vice-president and overshadowed Bizimungu because he had more power in reality than his superior.
Cooperation between Bizimungu, a French-speaking Hutu, and Kagame, an English-speaking Tutsi, was intended to symbolise post-genocide reconciliation. 
But their relationship soured, and in March 2000, Bizimungu resigned after falling out with senior RPF members over the make-up of a new cabinet.
Bizimungu in 2006 lost a court appeal to have his conviction overturned, claiming it was politically motivated. 
He subsequently sent Kagame a letter, pleading for mercy and a release he said would be for the good of the nation.
A Sunni insurgent group has claimed responsibility for a deadly roadside bomb attack on a British patrol this week in southern Iraq, according to a message posted Saturday on a militant website.
The Mujahedeen Army, or Jaish al-Mujahedeen, said it was responsible for planting the explosives that killed four British servicemen and their Kuwaiti interpreter on April 5, said the US-based SITE Institute, which monitors Islamist sites.
The group set up an ambush in the early morning hours against the British patrol, planting an improvised explosive device near the southern city of Basra which detonated as a British armored vehicle approached the area, it said.
The explosion led to its complete destruction and the death of those who were in it, and was followed by an exchange of fire which led to the injury of several British soldiers, it said.
The British military said earlier this week that the four soldiers and civilian translator travelling in the same vehicle were killed outside Basra in a complex roadside bomb, small-arms fire and rocket-propelled grenade attack.
Jaish al-Mujahedeen first emerged in February 2005 when it claimed the abduction of two Indonesian journalists, who were freed after nearly a week in captivity.
It has since taken credit for several attacks in Iraq, including shooting down a US Blackhawk helicopter in February.
Four Pakistani paramilitary soldiers were injured Sunday when bombs exploded near their vehicles in northwest Pakistan, officials said.
A remote-controlled bomb exploded on a roadside near a paramilitary contingent outside the tribal town of Tank, local police official Abdullah said.
The blast injured two paramilitary soldiers and damaged their vehicle, he said.
In a second incident a remote-controlled roadside bomb near the town of Bannu exploded when paramilitary soldiers were patrolling the area, a security official said. 
Two soldiers were injured.
Bannu and Tank border the restive Waziristan tribal district where 250 people, mostly Uzbek and Chechan fighters, have been killed in the past three weeks.
In Parachinar, another Pakistani tribal area, fierce sectarian clashes between Sunni and Shiite Muslims since Friday have left 40 people dead.         
Authorities have deployed troops and imposed a curfew in Parachinar to try to control the violence.
Pakistan has deployed some 80,000 troops in its tribal areas bordering Afghanistan to check the movement of Taliban and Al-Qaeda linked militants who launch attacks on foreign troops in Afghanistan.
The Iranian authorities are trying to discover what has happened to a U.S. citizen who Washington said it believed went missing several weeks ago while on private business in Iran, an Iranian official said on Sunday.
The United States sent an official inquiry about the missing former FBI agent, Robert Levinson, to Iran earlier this month via Swiss diplomats, who act as go-betweens with Tehran because the two countries do not have diplomatic relations.
The relevant organisations are following the case to find clear news about his fate, Foreign Ministry spokesman Mohammad Ali Hosseini told a weekly news conference.
Hossein Zolfaqari, deputy head of the Islamic Republic Law Enforcement Forces, said on Saturday he had no information about the disappearance of the American citizen, according to the official IRNA news agency, monitored by the BBC.
The missing man, described by officials as middle-aged, is believed to have been visiting Kish, an Iranian resort island and free trade zone in the Gulf.
He is not believed to be of Iranian descent and his wife lives in the United States
A local official in Kish Island in south of Iran said last week that no firm evidence on the American citizen's entrance to the island have been obtained, the IRNA report said.
The United States has been looking into the case for weeks, trying to establish whether Levinson may have been picked up by the Iranians or someone linked to the Russian mafia. 
So far it has no definite leads.
Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Wu Dawei told the leader of Japan's New Komeito party Tuesday that China's foreign minister will visit Japan in the middle of next month, New Komeito lawmaker Yosuke Takagi told reporters in Beijing.
Wu told New Komeito leader Akihiro Ota that Li Zhaoxing will make the trip to lay the groundwork for a later visit to Japan by one of China's top leaders, Takagi added.
The latter trip is expected to be made by Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao, possibly in the spring.
On Monday, Chinese President Hu Jintao told Ota that he plans to visit Japan this year, at a time convenient for both sides.
But it is widely believed Wen will make a Japan trip before the Chinese president.
Taiwan on Tuesday expressed concern over rival China's military buildup, saying its recent space test and further deployment of missiles along the coastal area have posed a serious threat to peace and security in the region.
China carried out an anti-satellite weapons test on Jan. 11, in which an old Chinese weather satellite was destroyed by a ballistic missile.
The move raises widespread attention from such countries as the United States, Japan and Australia, which contend that doing so may cause an arms race in space.
Taiwan's military echoed such worries, noting that it is obvious that China has been striving for dominance in space so as to boost its position as a superpower and to increase its clout in negotiations with other major powers.
Taiwan possess no military satellites and for the moment will not be directly affected in terms of the collection and analysis of intelligence, said Maj.
But we are watching very closely the following development.
China sees Taiwan as part of its territory despite nearly 60 years of separate rule and threatens military actions should the island declare formal independence.
On Monday, the United Daily News, a Chinese-language newspaper in Taiwan, quoted unidentified U.S. sources as saying Taiwan's missile defense would not be effective given China's diverse missile programs.
The report also said China's deployment of missies aimed at Taiwan is still increasing and shows no sign of ending soon.
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice paid an unannounced visit to Baghdad on Saturday, arriving as American and Iraqi troops made initial gains in a new crackdown against militants in the Iraqi capital.
A U.S. embassy official said Rice was expected to meet various officials during her visit.
The top U.S. diplomat is scheduled to meet Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in Jerusalem on Monday.
She arrived in Baghdad a day after the U.S. House of Representatives denounced President George W. Bush's decision to send more troops to help with the Baghdad offensive. 
The move was a symbolic challenge to Bush's unpopular war.
In Baghdad, U.S. and Iraqi forces sweeping through the city have encountered little resistance to an operation seen as a final effort to quell sectarian violence that threatens to tear Iraq apart.
Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki, under heavy U.S. pressure to show progress, told Bush on Friday that the effort had been a brilliant success so far. 
Bush said U.S. patience was not unlimited.     
Violence has declined in Baghdad as thousands of U.S. and Iraqi forces flow into the city, but the dip is likely temporary while insurgents assess the situation, said Major General Joseph Fil, commander of U.S. troops in Baghdad.
An explosion caused by a suspected bomb in a McDonald's restaurant in Russia's second city of St Petersburg on Sunday injured at least five people, officials said.
A police spokesman told Reuters there had been an explosion in the restaurant on Nevsky Prospect, the city's main thoroughfare, and that five people had been wounded.
Police said their initial information was that the blast was caused by an explosive device, but the spokesman said they had yet to identify what sort of device it was.
Russia's Interfax news agency quoted emergency services as saying six people were hurt with concussion, burns and shrapnel wounds.
Anti-Moscow rebels linked to Russia's Chechnya region have mounted a spate of bomb attacks on civilians in Russia but there has been no major attack outside the turbulent North Caucasus region for more than two years.
The ruling Lesotho Congress for Democracy began pulling ahead of its rivals Monday as counting continued after weekend general elections in southern Africa's mountain kingdom, organisers said.
Prime Minister Pakalitha Mosisili's party had won 18 of the first 31 constituencies to declare while former foreign minister Tom Thabane's All Basotho Convention (ABC) was trailing in second place with 12 seats, independent electoral commission spokesman Rethabile Pholo told AFP.
An alliance of minor parties had secured one seat after Saturday's elections, Pholo added.
A total of 80 MPs will be directly elected in constituencies while another 40 will be elected via proportional representation.
Observers from the Southern African Development Community (SADC) gave the vote a generally clean bill of health on Sunday but the spectre of another contested election loomed as Thabane outlined a list of grievances.
The former foreign minister, who quit the cabinet and formed the ABC late last year, claimed some of his supporters had found their names absent from the electoral register and alleged there had been some multiple voting.
When his camp tried to file complaints with the independent electoral commission, their representatives were nowhere to be found, he said.
Disputed elections in 1998, when Mosisili was first elevated to power, resulted in mass protests which were only quelled when the South African and Botswanan armies intervened in the small mountain kingdom.
The African Union on Wednesday officially created a peacekeeping force of more than 1,500 South African troops for Burundi to help integrate the country's last active rebel movement.
The pan-African body has taken over from the United Nations to facilitate the integration of the Forces of National Liberation (FNL) into a broader peace process.
This unit will have some 1,500 South African soldiers and a mandate of six months, Mamadou Bah, AU representative in Burundi, told journalists.
We have to do everything so that the integration of the FNL ends within this delay.
Bah signed an accord with Burundi foreign minister Antoinette Batumubwira for the creation of the AU force in line with a September 7 ceasefire, which has yet to be fully implemented even if fighting has stopped.
In December, South Africa's 768 UN peacekeeping troops in Burundi were transferred under the authority of the African Union.
South Africa last week agreed to deploy a further 1,100 troops as part of the AU special task force in Burundi.
The civil conflict in the small nation pitted the army, dominated until recently by the Tutsi minority, against various Hutu rebel movements.
The African Union is disturbed by attacks on its peacekeepers in Somalia and member states are consulting about the situation, AU Chairman John Kufuor said on Wednesday.
It's unfortunate that the first batch of troops to have gone there has been met with shooting, Kufuor told a news conference in London.
It is discouraging and the African Union is rather disturbed, said Kufuor, who is also president of Ghana.
More than 1,000 Ugandan troops landed in the Somali capital Mogadishu last week, the vanguard of an 8,000 strong African Union force designed to help the fragile Somali government restore order to the anarchic country.
However the Ugandans have been attacked since landing and two were wounded in an ambush the day after they arrived.
Analysts say the AU troops are targets because they are seen as supporting a government that has many enemies in Mogadishu.
I am hoping that the African Union will not give up in trying to assist Somalia find a peaceful way to peace, said Kufuor during a state visit to Britain.
That's what I want to say now. 
Of course consultations are going on among members of the union, and between me as the chair and the secretariat, he said.
The Horn of Africa country slid into anarchy after former dictator Mohamed Siad Barre was toppled in 1991, and 13 earlier attempts to create an effective central rule all failed.
Kufuor stressed Ghana had committed troops to the AU force not to meddle in Somalia but to help a sister African nation try to achieve normalcy through peacekeeping.
NATO warplanes called in by the Afghan army bombed and killed 19 militants in southern Afghanistan, taking the toll from a four-day operation to 99, the defence ministry said Monday.
The 19 were killed in the southern province of Helmand on Sunday, it said in a statement.
The Afghan army launched the sweep of the Gereshk area of the province on Thursday, the second day of the Afghan new year.
Operation Nawrozi (New Year) is the first large operation launched by Afghan forces with NATO air support but not ground troops.
An Israeli soldier captured by Palestinian militants nearly ten months ago could be be released soon, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said Friday.
I am optimistic he will soon be free, Abbas told France 24 television.
Corporal Gilad Shalit was snatched on June 25 during a cross-border raid that three Palestinian militant organizations launched on an Israeli army outpost near the Gaza Strip.
Despite previous optimistic statements, intensive efforts, with the help of Egyptian mediation, to secure his release have so far come to naught.
Shalit is believed to be held captive in the Gaza Strip.
An Israeli-Arab daily based in Nazareth reported Friday that two weeks ago he received eyeglasses, which were given to Egypt two months ago and transferred via an Egyptian delegation negotiating his release.
A spokesman for the radical Popular Resistance Committees, one of the groups believed holding the soldier, refused to confirm the report which appeared in the a-Sinara daily.
Israeli helicopters fired into the northern Gaza Strip on Saturday in what local residents described as the fiercest exchange of fire between Israeli forces and Palestinian fighters since a November truce.
The residents said the helicopters fired at least two missiles at guerrillas near the Jabalya refugee camp.
An Israeli army spokesman said the helicopters opened fired after identifying suspicious movements near the border fence where Palestinian fighters had been operating and trying to plant explosive devices.
On Monday, Israeli Defence Minister Amir Peretz authorised the army to carry out limited operations just inside Gaza against guerrillas, despite a ceasefire agreement reached between Israel and the Palestinians in November.
Some hardline groups have carried on firing rockets into Israel from Gaza despite the truce, and Peretz said the Jewish state would not allow the continued strengthening and arming of fighters in the coastal strip.
The Bangladeshi government has put its security forces on high alert as the intelligence services have reported about the Islamics' plan of bombing in functions on the Bengali new year's day on April 14.
The intelligence services alerted the government that members  of suicide squad of the banned Islamic outfit Jamaatul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB), widely blamed for series of bombings and suicide attacks in Bangladesh, are assembling in the capital Dhaka and its adjoining districts to carry out fresh attacks on the Bengali new year's day, local daily The Independent reported Saturday.
Six top leaders of the banned JMB, including its head Shaikh Abdur Rahman and his second-in-command Siddiqul Islam alias Bangla Bhai were hanged on March 31 for killing two judges in southern  Bangladesh through suicide bomb attack in November 2005, the year they blasted around 500 bombs across the country almost simultaneously on Aug. 17, 2005.
JMB has been launching secret campaign to establish Islamic rule in Bangladesh. 
Some 50 people including judicial officers, lawyers and police were killed and hundreds injured during their violent campaign in 2005.
The intelligence services have also beefed up surveillance throughout the country following hanging of the top leaders of JMB.
Some combing operations are being taken to thwart attacks by the hardliners and arrest them.
The security forces have been arresting very often the members of the JMB from different parts of Bangladesh during the last few weeks.
Dhaka Metropolitan Police Commissioner Naim Ahmed said that a foolproof security net will be in place in and around the Ramna  Park in the capital Dhaka a day before the new year's day on April 14. 
Thousands of people gather to welcome the Bengali new  year.
In 2001, bomb attacks by unknown men on the new year's day functions at Ramna killed at least 10 persons and injured many.
Children throughout the West Bank and the Gaza Strip have observed Palestinian Children's Day, which aims to highlight the plight of children living under Israeli occupation. 
In press statement released on the occasion of Palestinian Children's Day, on Wednesday, Palestinian Network for Children's Rights (PNCR) said that Palestinian children are exposed to daily violations of their rights in contravention of international law as a result of the continuous occupation and aggression by the Israeli army within the Palestinian territories.
PNCR stated that external pressure by the international community on the Palestinian Authority has increased violations against Palestinian children, WAFA reported.
A cut to international aid to the Palestinian people has directly affected the implementation of economic, cultural and social services, undermining the exercise of children's rights in the Occupied Palestinian Territories, PNCR said. 
PNCR pointed out that, the Israeli army killed 124 children during ongoing military operations in the Palestinian Territories in 2006.
In 2007, the Israeli army continues to deploy the same violent policy towards Palestinian children with 8 children being killed so far this year. 
That brings the total number of children killed since the beginning of the Second Intifada in September 2000, by the Israeli army and illegal Israeli settlers, to 860, it stated. 
Additionally, 5200 Palestinian children have been arrested by the Israeli army since the Second Intifada and among them, close to 400 are still being held in Israeli prisons and interrogation centers, exposing them to many violations of their rights, according to PNCR.
The violations of Palestinian children's rights in the Palestinian territories go beyond the violation of the right to life and liberty.
Israeli military actions and the withholding of international aid by the international community, have gravely affected their right to education, an adequate standard of living, protection from discrimination and protection from economic exploitation, rights articulated in the International Convention on the Rights of the Child (CRC).
Amidst the aggression of the Israeli army and the withdrawal of support by the international community, there is another danger that is not less important.
In some regions within the Territories, the divisions between Palestinian political parties have recently resulted in a breakdown in the rule of law, in violence and a lack of security for the Palestinian population. 
PNCR appealed to the international community and to State Parties to the CRC to uphold their obligations to protect the rights of all children in the international community without discrimination, and to place pressure on the Israeli government to abide by international law and stop the violations of Palestinian children's rights. 
It concluded by calling on the international community to recognize urgently that the major victims of this policy are Palestinian children and that the policy is in contradiction of the CRC, which in principle obliges State Parties to assist other countries in the implementation of the CRC through international cooperation.
The US military announced the deaths of five more US soldiers in a series of attacks taking its toll for the month alone to 26, the military said Monday.
The five were killed Sunday. 
Three soldiers were killed and one wounded in a roadside bombing during a patrol south of Baghdad.
One soldier was killed and three wounded in indirect fire attack targeting their units also south of Baghdad.
Another soldier died of wounds sustained during combat operations in the restive Diyala province, north of Baghdad. The military did not say when he died.
The latest fatalities brought the US military's losses in Iraq since the March 2003 invasion to 3,274, according to an AFP count based on Pentagon figures.
Indian security forces on Tuesday launched military operations against the United Liberation Front of Asom (ULFA), a major separatist group in the north-eastern state of Assam which has killed 68 people in the state over the past four days, news reports said.
The Indian Army was raiding ULFA's hideouts and bases in Assam and the neighbouring Arunachal Pradesh state as India's Home Ministry decided to send more than 2,000 additional security personnel to quell further violence.
A total of 68 people, mostly migrant workers and traders from the eastern state of Bihar, were killed in the separatist attacks in five districts in Assam since January 5.
On Monday evening, suspected ULFA militants killed three more migrant workers in Golaghat district and carried out two explosions near an army cantonment in the state capital Guwahati, injuring five people, the NDTV network reported. 
But there were no overnight attacks, a government spokesman said.
Security forces have fanned out across the state with a high security alert already sounded to bring the situation under control, state government spokesman Himanta Biswas Sarma was quoted as saying by the IANS news agency.
Amod Kanth, chief of the Arunachal Pradesh police, told the news agency that an offensive was launched in the state to destroy bases from where the rebels operate.
Meanwhile, India's Defence Minister AK Antony and army chief General JJ Singh were scheduled to tour the insurgency-hit state on Tuesday to assess the security situation.
The ULFA, which has been fighting for a separate Assamese homeland since 1979 and wants all non-Assamese, particularly the Hindi-speaking people to leave the state, has not claimed responsibility for the attacks.
The state has witnessed an upsurge of violence ever since New Delhi called off its truce with the militant group in September 2006, saying ULFA had continued violence and extortion in Assam.
Soon after the ceasefire was called off, the ULFA imposed taxes on the non-Assamese people in the state and warned the migrant workers to leave the state immediately.
The latest killings were the worst massacre of non-Assamese Indians by ULFA rebels since more than 100 people were killed in 2000.
The attacks came days after senior ULFA leaders were killed in separate incidents by counter-insurgency forces in the state over the past week and the arrest of two frontline leaders.
The increased violence by the ULFA also follows the publication of a controversial opinion poll that showed 95 per cent of people in nine of Assam's 27 districts did not support the ULFA's demand for an independent Assam.
More than 20,000 people have been killed in the violent separatist movement in the state since 1979. 
South Korea's President Roh Moo Hyun proposed Tuesday a rewriting of the country's Constitution to introduce a four-year presidency with the possibility of a second term in place of the current single, five-year term.
Five Chinese workers abducted inNigeria last week are safe and Chinese Embassy officials are trying to secure their release, the Foreign Ministry said on Tuesday.
Gunmen broke into the rented apartment where the telecom workers were staying and forced them away at gunpoint on Friday in Nigeria's southern oil-producing Niger Delta.
A local official said on Monday that the kidnappers had asked for ransom, a motive behind many abductions in the lawless delta, where poor residents live alongside Africa's biggest oil industry.
Our relevant departments and the embassy there are trying whatever they can to rescue the Chinese nationals, ministry spokesman Liu Jianchao told a news conference.
Because the mission is ongoing, I cannot provide further information to you. 
As far as we know, the hostages are safe.
A Chinese team made up of embassy officials and staff from the company that employed the men is helping with the search.
Hostages in the Niger Delta are often kept for a few days in remote settlements before being released unharmed after their employers or local authorities pay the ransom.
Seven people were hospitalized in New Jersey, just across the Hudson River from New York after a powerful, mysterious smell of natural gas wafted over much of Manhattan and parts of New Jersey on Monday, the Reuters news service reported.
The gas-like smell forced building evacuations and a temporary suspension of commuter train service before dissipating.
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said the odor was not dangerous and no unusual gas leaks had been found.
It may just be an unpleasant smell, but at this point we do not know any more than that. 
The one thing we are confident about is, it is not dangerous, Bloomberg told a news conference.
The gas-like smell permeated lower Manhattan and was detected as far north as Central Park, across the width of the island, and in New Jersey, according to the report.
A U.S. Department of Homeland Security spokesman said there is no indication at this time of a terrorism connection.
A UNICEF worker was shot dead in his car as he drove through Baghdad, the UN children's agency confirmed Tuesday.
Janan Jabero, 52, an engineer, married and the father of two, was killed on Monday evening, said a UNICEF spokesman.
Janan Jabero was a brilliant engineer and had been a key part of UNICEF's school rehabilitation programme in Iraq since 1999. 
His death has cost Iraq's children a staunch advocate and we deeply mourn his loss, said UNICEF Representative for Iraq, Roger Wright.
Jabero was one of 87 Iraqi nationals working for UNICEF in Iraq. 
A police investigation is underway.
Gunmen armed with dynamite invaded an oil services base in Bayelsa state in Nigeria's southern oil-producing Niger Delta on Wednesday and kidnapped nine South Korean workers and one Nigerian.       
The gunmen came in six boats to the riverside base in the outskirts of Bayelsa state capital Yenagoa. 
They blew up part of an office building and the ground was littered with pieces of zinc roofing, electrical fittings and air conditioning units.
The militants entered the facility armed with guns and dynamite before dawn, said Han Yang-ho, a Daewoo employee at the site, speaking to South Korean TV network YTN. 
There was an exchange of gunshots and they broke in with dynamite, Han said.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility. 
Abductions for ransom are frequent in the Niger Delta.
The security situation is worsening in the delta, which accounts for all oil production from OPEC member Nigeria, the world's eighth-biggest exporter of crude. 
A fifth of Nigerian output capacity is shut down because of militant attacks.
The attack on the base operated by South Korea's Daewoo Engineering and Construction came less than a week after five Chinese telecom workers were kidnapped for ransom in another area of the volatile delta.
Daewoo, which is working on a pipeline project in the area, confirmed that nine of its employees, all South Koreans, had been captured.
The U.S. military helicopter that crashed outside Baghdad, killing all 12 on board, was shot down by a shoulder-fired missile, CNN reported on Monday.
The Black Hawk was most likely brought down on Saturday by hostile fire, according to unidentified U.S. officials cited by CNN. 
The crash was still under investigation but debris recovered on the ground indicate a missile was involved, CNN said.
We have not released anything from here on the cause of the crash ... 
The cause of the crash is still under investigation, said Lt. Col. Josslyn Aberle in Baghdad.
Twenty-five U.S. troops were killed on Saturday in one of the deadliest days for the American military in Iraq, according to the latest U.S. tally.
Eight people were killed in violence in Baghdad and the northern Iraqi city of Mosul Tuesday, security and medical sources said.
Five policemen died and three were wounded in firefights with gunmen in southern districts of Mosul, a flashpoint city where Sunni insurgents have established a base, Major Mohammed Ahmed said.
In Baghdad, two people were killed and five wounded when a car bomb blasted the western district of Karrada, sources in the interior ministry and hospital sources said.
Another car bomb in the central Sheikh Omar district killed one person and wounded four, the sources said.
The attacks followed a day of carnage on Monday with at least 100 people killed in attacks on popular markets in Baghdad and Khalis, a town northeast of the capital.
An Arab League envoy is expected in Beirut on Monday to prepare for further mediation efforts by its chief Amr Mussa to resolve Lebanon's political crisis, an Arab diplomatic source said Sunday.
Ambassador Hisham Yussef, one of Mussa's top aides, will be in Lebanon for 48 hours from Monday to meet both government and opposition leaders, the source told AFP.
Yussef will have talks with Prime Minister Fuad Siniora, parliamentary speaker Nabih Berri and representatives of the Shiite Hezbollah movement, which is spearheading an anti-government campaign.
Communications Minister Marwan Hamadeh has said Mussa would resume his mediation on February 8.
In mid-December the Arab League chief began mediating between the Hezbollah-led opposition and Siniora's Western-backed government in a bid to settle the dispute sparked by the resignation of six pro-Syria ministers.
The opposition began a sit-in on December 1 outside offices of the anti-Syrian government in central Beirut.
Deadly clashes late last month between supporters of the two camps resulted in seven deaths and more than 300 people wounded.
Mussa has said he hopes the Lebanon crisis can be resolved before the Arab summit in Saudi Arabia at the end of March.
Six Apache attack helicopters have been delivered to Kuwait by the United States, the first of 16 gunships ordered by the Gulf state in a multi-billion dollar deal, a newspaper reported Monday.
The remaining helicopters will arrive before the end of February, Al-Rai daily said, quoting military sources.
The six Apaches arrived on Saturday at Shuaiba port, south of Kuwait City.
Which is often used by the US military, the paper said.
The 16 AH-64D Apache Longbow advanced attack helicopters are part of a 2.1-billion-dollar deal signed between the US and Kuwait in 2002.
The deal, which includes four spare engines and about 300 Hellfire missiles, also provides for maintenance, supply of necessary spare parts and the training of 48 pilots and instructors as well as 200 Kuwaiti technicians.
A team of US engineers arrived with the Apaches for maintenance purposes along with a number of Kuwaiti pilots who received training in the US, the report said.
The Apaches will also be equipped with electronic protection systems, Longbow radars and anti-armour Hellfire air-to-surface missiles.
Since its liberation by a US-led coalition from seven months of Iraqi occupation in 1991, the oil-rich emirate has spent billions of dollars on arms purchases, mainly from the United States.
Gunmen in southern Nigeria on Tuesday kidnapped a Filipino national working as a subcontractor for oil company Shell and killed at least one policeman who was escorting him, industry sources said.
One Filipino was kidnapped at 9:00 am (0800 GMT) and two MOPOL police were killed on the Owerri-Port Harcourt road, a private security advisor said, adding that the Filipino was a Shell subcontractor.
Another industry source said only one policeman had been killed in the incident. 
MOPOL is an elite unit of the Nigerian police tasked with escorting VIPs among other duties.
The second source said the incident happened around Aba, a town on the Owerri-Port Harcourt road and the capital of Abia State.
The latest kidnapping brings to 30 the number of foreigners currently held hostage in southern Nigeria's oil-producing region. 
Of the other 29 held, 24 are Filipinos who were seized from a cargo vessel, two are Italians and the remaining three are a Briton, a US citizen and a Lebanese national.
The seizing of the 24 Filipinos on January 20 prompted Philippine President Gloria Arroyo to slap a temporary ban on workers travelling to Nigeria for employment.
A suicide bomber killed himself and injured five people at the international airport in Islamabad Tuesday evening, Pakistan's Geo news television reported.
Security staff at the airport car park exchanged fire with the attacker when he approached. 
He then triggered explosives on his person, it said.
Two police and three other people were injured in the incident, which happened after 9:00 p.m.
It follows a suicide attack at a five-star hotel in the Pakistani capital on January 26. 
One bomber and a security officer were killed.
China said Saturday it would strengthen controls on the export of nuclear equipment, days after an international agreement was reached on phasing out North Korea's nuclear programme.
Prime Minister Wen Jiabao signed a decree banning the use of Chinese nuclear goods and technology to carry out atomic explosions without prior agreement, state press reported.
Importers of Chinese goods will also be barred from using them for nuclear proliferation, except under the supervision of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Although the decree does not specifically mention North Korea, it comes hot on the heels of an agreement secured on Tuesday in the Chinese capital in which Pyongyang agreed to close its nuclear facility in Yongbyon and allow the return of IAEA inspectors, expelled in December 2002.
Xinhua said existing Chinese regulations on the control of exports had not been tough enough to prevent nuclear proliferation.
US President George W. Bush urged his Chinese counterpart Hu Jintao Thursday to keep enforcing UN-imposed sanctions on North Korea.
The United Nations adopted a resolution following North Korea's October 9 test imposing a raft of sanctions, including a ban on selling goods and technologies that could be used for nuclear programmes to Pyongyang.
Australian Prime Minister John Howard has ruled out increasing combat troop numbers in Iraq but is considering sending more training staff for the Iraqi army, a local television network reported Monday.
As far as combat troops are concerned I think the current level is appropriate and I don't expect Australia to be increasing that,'' Howard told the Nine Network.
Australia has deployed about 1,400 troops in and around Iraq.
King Abdullah II of Jordan on Tuesday warned that the failure of the Arab-Israeli peace process would lead to more violence and extremism in the region, according to an official statement.
He made the remarks during separate meetings with the US Assistant Secretary of State David Welch and a number of US diplomats accredited to Middle East countries currently on a visit to Jordan, the statement from the royal court said.
The failure of the peace process will enhance violence and extremism and lead to the retreat of the forces of moderation in the region, the monarch said.
The commitment to the peace process by President George W Bush and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice represents an important opportunity for ending the conflict that has been raging in the region for several decades, he added.
He referred to his last week visit to the United States where he met with Bush and Rice and delivered a speech before a joint session of the two houses of the US Congress.
Zimbabwe opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai, recovering from injuries he says were inflicted by police, has been released from custody and is due to appear in court later on Wednesday, his lawyer said.
Tsvangirai, who heads the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC), Zimbabwe's main opposition party, and other opponents of President Robert Mugabe said they were beaten by police after being arrested on Sunday during an anti-government prayer rally.
They have been released from police custody. 
Thirty-one, including Mr. Tsvangirai, are still in hospital while 19 have gone home, Alec Muchadehama, a Tsvangirai attorney, told Reuters.
Iran is considering charging 15 British sailors with illegally entering its waters, Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki said on Sunday.
Mottaki told reporters in New York that he would likely speak to British Foreign Minister Margaret Beckett about the issue later on Sunday.
Iran captured 15 British Navy personnel at the mouth of the Shatt al-Arab waterway, which marks the southern stretch of Iraq's border with Iran, in the Gulf on Friday.
The charge against them is the illegal entrance into Iranian waters and this issue is being considered legally, Mottaki told reporters in New York.
The Iranian authorities intercepted these sailors and marines in Iranian waters and detained them in Iranian waters and this has happened in the past as well, Mottaki said.
But Britain has said two boatloads of Royal Navy sailors and marines had searched a merchant vessel on a U.N. approved mission in Iraqi waters when Iranian gunboats encircled and captured them.
Mottaki addressed the U.N. Security Council on Saturday after the 15-member body imposed new financial and arms sanctions against Tehran for refusing to suspend uranium enrichment.
Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi was in the lead with 53.5 percent of the vote in a runoff of the presidential election with 82 percent of the ballots counted, an interior ministry source said Monday.
Ould Abdallahi, supported by a coalition of parties once loyal to ousted long-time dictator Maaouiya Ould Taya, was leading in 11 of 13 regions in the country's first democratic presidential election since independence from France in 1960.
His opponent, longtime opposition politician Ahmed Ould Daddah, had won more than 60 percent of Sunday's vote in the capital Nouakchott and his native Trarza region in the southeast, the source said.
Complete preliminary results were expected later Monday.
After a constitutional referendum in June, local and parliamentary polls in November and senatorial elections in January.
The presidential polls mark the final stage of democratic reforms led by the military junta that ousted Ould Taya in August 2005.
Tamil Tiger rebels flying a light aircraft bombed an air force base next to Sri Lanka's international airport before dawn Monday, killing two airmen and wounding 17, reports from Sri Lanka said.
A light Tiger aircraft flew over the air force base and dropped explosives.
There have been two explosions. 
At the same time our air defenses activated and there is a search operation going on,'' Reuters quoted Air Force spokesman Group Captain Ajantha de Silva as saying.
The Sri Lankan government said the attack was aimed at the military base and caused no damage to the adjacent civilian airport north of capital Colombo, the report said.
The airport was temporarily closed but resumed operating, the Associated Press said, quoting a duty officer at the airport.
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice meets Jordan's King Abdullah and holds further talks with Palestinian and Israeli officials on Monday, the third day of her Middle East trip to try and revive peacemaking.
Rice met separately on Sunday with Palestinians and Israelis to gauge the chances for peace talks but said she was not striving for a big bang breakthrough.
She visited the West Bank city of Ramallah to talk to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas before heading to dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert in the first of what may be a series of back-and-forth talks with the two.
Making her fourth visit to the Middle East in four months, Rice is talking to them separately because Olmert has ruled out engaging Abbas on peace since the Fatah leader formed a Palestinian unity government with the Islamist Hamas faction.
Israel and the Quartet of Middle East negotiators -- the United States, the European Union, the United Nations and Russia -- have demanded the Palestinian government recognise Israel, renounce violence and accept existing peace deals.
The new unity administration has agreed only to respect previous accords and has stopped short of recognising Israel or giving up the right to armed struggle.
Rice will meet Abdullah in the Jordanian capital Amman where she also plans to see Abbas, before returning to Jerusalem to for further talks with Olmert.
Rice has been touring the Middle East trying to persuade Arab governments to breathe new life into a peace plan they ratified in 2002 by adding what she calls active diplomacy seen as code for early contacts with Israelis.
Her best hope is that the Israelis and Palestinians will agree to separate but parallel discussions on a common set of issues that could eventually lead to direct negotiations.
You need to prepare the ground well, you need to spend time with the parties. 
You need to understand what is tolerable (for) each side, Rice said at a news conference with Abbas.
Speaking to U.S. reporters before dining with Olmert, Rice acknowledged her approach was cautious and said the chances for quick, dramatic progress were low.
My approach has been, I admit, careful. It's been step by step. 
I have not been willing to try for the big bang. 
I don't think that that's where we are, she said.
The question here isn't speed. 
The question is trying to really move forward toward the establishment of a Palestinian state.
Analysts doubt Rice can make much progress given Olmert's political weakness one opinion poll this month showed he would win as little as 3 percent of the vote if an election were held immediately and the divisions among the Palestinians.
There were clashes between the factions in Gaza last week in a sign of the power struggle between Hamas and Fatah militants.
A Tamil rebel driving an explosive-laden tractor blew himself up at an army sentry point killing at least four civilians and a soldier close to a military camp in eastern Sri Lanka, military sources said Tuesday.
The rebel triggered the explosion as a soldier opened fire when he failed to stop at the sentry point at  Chenkalady, 250 kilometres east of the capital on Tuesday morning, the military said.
Military spokesman Major Upali Rajapaksa confirmed the incidentand said that the intended target was likely Chenkalady camp, one of the biggest in the eastern province.
The civilians caught in the blast were waiting near the sentry point to be checked when the incident occurred, Major Rajapaksa said.
At least seven more civilians, two policemen and two soldiers are among the injured.
Tuesday's attack comes a day after Tamil rebels used airplanes for the first time in the decades-old conflict to drop bombs on Sri Lanka's main air base, killing three people. 
The government says that no damage was incurred to the fighter jets used to bomb rebel positions. 
The pro-rebel Tamilnet website, however, claims that up to 40 per cent of the air facilities of the air force had been damaged.
The military air base adjoins the country's only international airport, and security has been stepped up, though no damage was caused to the airport itself. 
Flights have been in operation with a few delays. 
On Sunday, government troops recaptured more areas held by the rebels in the eastern Batticaloa district.
Iran on Friday called news conference by the freed British sailors painting a grim picture of their 13 days in captivity a planned show, and stood by its claim that the soldiers were in Iranian waters at the time they were captured.
The propaganda and planned shows can not cover up the violation of Iran's sea borders by the British military personnel, foreign ministry spokesman Mohammad-Ali Hosseini was quoted as saying by state news agency IRNA.
Speaking for the first time since their release and return to Britain Thursday, six members of the group on Friday described how they were put in solitary confinement in tiny stone cells, constantly interrogated and threatened with long prison terms, during a news conference at a naval base in Chivenor in the south-western county of Devon.
Meanwhile the state television IRIB showed a short footage of the conference and said that: while only six members have been ready for speaking, they were all nervously reading from a written note in their hands.
Immediate transferring the sailors to a military camp, dictating them what to read and what to say along with the organized media  propaganda, can not distort the realities and the facts, Hosseini said.
Referring to the service members' transfer to their base for debriefing.
The seven sailors and eight Royal Marines were seized from a British patrol boat on March 23 in the Shatt al-Arab waterway, triggering a diplomatic stand-off between Tehran and London.
Iran alleges that the marines crossed illegally into the country's territorial waters. Britain insisted that they were in Iraqi waters and demanded the immediate release of its personnel.
The sailors, in their news conference, said they were told by their captors that if they refused to admit they were in Iranian waters when captured they would face seven years in prison. 
Beijing on Saturday slammed as defamatory an official US report into the communist country's human rights record, adding that the United States was in no position to lecture other countries.
The State Department report ignores basic facts, slanders and attacks China's human rights situation, a spokesman for the foreign ministry said.
China repudiated the report, spokesman Qin Gang said in a statement on the ministry's website.
The United States is not in a position to depict itself as a human rights watchdog, it said of the April 5 report.
The United States should seriously reflect on its own human rights problems and put an end to its double or multiple standards on human rights, it added.
Titled Supporting Human Rights and Democracy: The US record 2006, the report, submitted to Congress, took stock of the efforts made by the US to encourage respect for human rights across the world.
The section on China said, The Chinese Government continued to deny citizens basic democratic rights, and law enforcement authorities suppressed those perceived to threaten the legitimacy or authority of the Chinese Communist Party.
Chinese officials continued to enforce measures in an attempt to curb the growth of China's emerging civil society, it added.
It also highlighted cases involving the monitoring, harassment, detention, arrest, and imprisonment of journalists, writers, activists, and lawyers, seeking to exercise their rights under law.
Accusing Syria of being behind the movement, Gemayel said that Damascus is trying to undermine Siniora's government and to block the constitutional process designed to establish an international tribunal on the assassination of former prime minister Rafiq Hariri in February 2005.
This coup d'etat is to block the constitution process to endorse the international tribunal. 
Because Syria is really afraid, because it's the first suspect in the  crimes, Gemayel said, referring to the murders of both Hariri and Gemayel's own son Pierre Gemayel, the industry minister assassinated in Beirut last November 21.
Amin Gemayel also attacked the Lebanese Shiite party Hezbollah, which he branded a state within a state.
They have their own army, their own financial system, with the huge and generous financial support from outside.  
Hezbollah enjoyed the full support of Syria and Iran. 
Gemayel said the country cannot afford to have a new civil war.
We're trying now to find a political solution to this crisis. 
I am, myself, also in touch with the Hezbollah and many other parties, trying to avoid the civil war and to find a political solution to the prevailing crisis.
A British soldier was killed on Monday by a roadside bomb in Basra, taking to 100 the number killed in action in Iraq since the U.S.-led invasion in March 2003, the Ministry of Defence said.
The attack on the routine Warrior patrol took place early on Monday in the Al Ashshar district of the southern Iraqi city. 
There had also been several civilian casualties.
The name of the dead soldier was not being released until next of kin had been informed.
The death brings to 131 the total number of British armed forces personnel who have been killed in Iraq since the invasion.
A female NASA astronaut has been arrested in Florida on suspicion of attacking her love rival in a relationship with another astronaut, US reports said.
Navy Captain Lisa Nowak, 43, was arrested Monday at Orlando airport and charged with battery, attempted kidnapping, attempted vehicle burglary and destruction of evidence.
Police said Nowak had driven some 1,500 kilometres from Houston, Texas to confront a woman identified as Colleen Shipman about her relationship with astronaut and naval commander William Oefelein.
Nowak was said to also be in a relationship with Oefelein. 
She was reportedly armed with a BB gun and pepper spray, and wearing a wig.
Transfusion of blood from a donor around the time of surgery appears to increase the risk of blood clots in women, but not in men, according to a new study.
Blood clots in the veins, a condition called venous thromboembolism or VTE, are a serious problem. With VTE, clots can form in the veins of the legs, impairing blood flow. But a bigger concern is when clots travel from the legs to the lungs, which can be fatal.
Transfusion of donated blood can disrupt the normal balance of clotting factors and alter the inflammatory cascade, the study authors explain.
Thereby increasing the risk of clot formation during periods of systemic inflammation such as surgery.
Dr. Kent R. Nilsson and colleagues from Johns Hopkins University Schools of Medicine and Hygiene and Public Health, Baltimore, Maryland sought to determine whether there was an association between blood product transfusion and VTE in more than 14,000 patients who underwent colorectal cancer surgery.
Overall, transfusion was associated with a 1.5-fold increased risk of developing a blood clot, the authors report, but further analyses showed than the increased risk was limited to women who received transfusions.
Patients who developed VTE faced a 3.8-fold increased mortality, a 2-fold increase in admission to the ICU, a 61 percent increase in the average time spent in the hospital, and a 72 percent increase in average total hospital charges.
The investigators call for further studies, pointing out that given the attendant morbidity and mortality associated with VTE, it is crucial that patients at high risk are identified so that optimal VTE prophylaxis can be given.
The remains of Saddam Hussein's two sons were exhumated and reburied next to the executed ex-president in a hall in their home village of Awjah in northern Iraq on Tuesday, a relative told AFP.
Uday and Qusay, killed by US troops in Mosul in July 2003, were earlier buried in a cemetry in the village, just outside the city of Tikrit.
But today we dug up their remains and reburied them next to Saddam Hussein in the hall where he was laid to rest, the relative said on condition of anonymity.
Saddam was buried on December 31 after his hanging for crimes against humanity.
The hall where the three are buried used to be a gathering place for condolence meetings under the ousted regime.
Two former Saddam henchmen, Barzan Ibrahim al-Tikriti and Awad Ahmed al-Bandar, were buried outside the hall in a garden after they followed their former boss to the gallows a few weeks later.
All three were sentenced to death for crimes against humanity in the killing of 148 Shiite civilians from Dujail, north of Baghdad, following an abortive 1982 assassination attempt against the then president.
A Palestinian unity government bringing together rival factions is ready and will be voted on by parliament on Saturday after weeks of wrangling, officials said on Wednesday.
The government is now ready and its composition will be announced on Thursday morning, said Nabil Abu Rudeina, a spokesman for president Mahmud Abbas, head of the Fatah faction.
On Saturday the government will likely be presented to the legislative council, he said, referring to the Palestinian parliament.
Ghazi Hamad, spokesman for the rival Hamas movement, said premier-designate Ismail Haniya has already asked parliament to convene on Saturday to vote on the new line-up.
Abbas and Haniya met in Gaza on Wednesday to put the finishing touches to the coalition agreement and hammer out a compromise on the candidate for the powerful interior ministry, which has been a main point of contention.
Several names were presented to the president. 
He will choose one and let Haniya know his choice this evening, Abu Rudeina said.
Sources close to Abbas said he was leaning toward naming Fadel Abu Hein, a university professor largely unknown to the public at large.
Abbas's secular Fatah party and the Islamist Hamas movement agreed at a summit in Mecca in February to form a unity government after months of feuding that has left dozens of Palestinians dead.
The power wrangle has been simmering since Hamas's shock win over long-dominant Fatah in a parliamentary election in January 2006.
Palestinians are hoping that the new coalition cabinet will lead to an end of a US and EU-led boycott to the government, which was introduced after Hamas assumed power and has wreaked havoc on the Palestinian economy.
Under the terms of the power-sharing agreement reached in Saudi Arabia, Hamas will occupy nine cabinet seats plus the premiership and their erstwhile rival Fatah will take six.
Hamas will nominate another three independent ministers and Fatah two. 
The radical Islamist movement will also name an interior minister whose candidature must be approved by Abbas.
An Indian and a Lebanese man kidnapped in volatile southern Nigeria last week amid disputes over oil revenues have been released, a diplomatic source said.
Gunmen seized the construction workers from a building site at Agbarho in Delta State on Friday, police said earlier. 
The circumstances are still not clear but I can confirm that they have been freed, the diplomat told AFP on condition of anonymity.
No group has claimed responsibility for the kidnapping, the latest in a series of such attacks against foreigners mainly involved in the oil industry. 
The men worked for BTP Cetraco, a construction company working on a road in the oil-rich region.
There was no news on the fate of a Dutch man kidnapped Friday from Port Harcourt, Nigeria's oil capital, in the southern Rivers State, despite the deployment of military search parties to look for him.
The most high-profile of the separatist groups operating in the region, the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta, which has abducted dozens of people in the past, said it was not involved this time.
Along with the Dutch security worker, two Chinese nationals abducted on March 17 in the southeastern state of Anambra also remain missing.
Since the start of this year, about 60 foreigners have been kidnapped in Nigeria, as many as were abducted during the whole of 2006.
Reduced output due to unrest cost Nigeria, Africa's largest oil producer, some 4.4 billion dollars last year, according to officials.
The South Korean and Japanese foreign ministers will hold talks this weekend on the southern Korean resort island of Jeju, foreign ministry officials said Monday.
Foreign Minister Taro Aso will visit for talks with his South Korean counterpart Song Min-Soon, said ministry spokesman Ryoo Joohan, adding details had yet to be fixed.
Song and Aso held their first talks in Tokyo last December.
This week's meeting comes after Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe stirred anger by saying there was no evidence that Tokyo had coerced Asian women into sex slavery during World War II.
Abe has since tried to cool down the row, saying he sincerely stood by the previous Tokyo government's 1993 apology for wartime sex slavery.
South Korea and Japan are also part of the six-nation nuclear disarmament talks on North Korea. 
Tokyo has usually taken a tougher line on Pyongyang.
Bomb attacks killed five US soldiers in Iraq, the US military said on Monday amid reports that the outgoing US ambassador held talks last year with Sunni rebel groups in a bid to curb the country's raging insurgency.
Four of the Americans were killed in a roadside bombing on Sunday gainst their patrol in the troubled province of Diyala, where the chief US commander has said his troops are battling Al-Qaeda, Sunni, Shiite and even Kurdish renegades.
Two troops were also wounded in the attack, while another soldier died in northwestern Baghdad on the same day in another roadside bombing. 
The biggest single killer of US forces fighting in Iraq.
The latest casualties brought the military's losses to 3,234 in since US-led foreign troops invaded Iraq in March 2003 to oust president Saddam Hussein, according to an AFP count based on Pentagon figures.
In Iraq's third city of Mosul, gunmen on Sunday killed Sunni tribal leader Mohammed Jassim al-Guud, a member of the Al-Ubada that is a significant Arab tribe in northern Iraq, said police Major Mohammed Ahmed.
Guud's son and nephew were also wounded after the insurgents sprayed his vehicle with gunshots in central Mosul late Sunday, the policeman added.
A police major was similarly killed in a Mosul drive-by shooting on Monday  while the bodies of two male civilians.
One beheaded and one riddled with bullets were found dumped in a western part of the city, Ahmed said.
Four years after the invasion, the more than 140,000 US forces in Iraq are still bogged down fighting a gruelling and ever changing insurgency waged by armed groups, and are a battling to contain Shiite-Sunni sectarian warfare.
Iraqi and US troops last month launched a marathon security operation, the latest in a series of plans to quell the country, deploying 80,000 forces to Baghdad in a bid to wrest back control of the violence-wracked capital.
Two British tourists were killed and another seriously injured when an elephant charged them during a safari in Zimbabwe, the state-run Herald newspaper reported on Monday.
The incident occurred on Saturday in Hwange National Park on Zimbabwe's western border with Botswana, according to police, who did not identify the tourists or provide other details on the attack.
The injured survivor was rushed to a hospital in Bulawayo.
We are investigating to see if there was an act of negligence on the part of the tour guides, Edmore Veterai, a senior assistant police commissioner in Matabeleland North Province, told the newspaper.
Tour guides in Zimbabwe's national parks typically carry weapons to protect tourists from elephants, hippopotamuses and crocodiles.
An angry bull elephant can charge at up to 40 kilometres per hour.
A suicide bomber exploded a truck full of chlorine near a police station killing at least 27 people in the restive western city of Ramadi on Friday, police said.
At least 27 people, many of them women and children, have been killed in the attack, said an officer, specifying that another 30 were wounded.
He said the bomber was targeting a police station, but blew himself up 200 metres away from it near the residental area of Al-Tamim.
The explosion occurred next to a market and residential buildings, he said.
The truck contained many tonnes of chlorine and TNT which were covered by sacks full of fertilisers, he said.
A nearby residental building was also partially damaged by the explosion.
Earlier police Colonel Tark al-Dualiami told AFP that two of the dead were policemen, adding that at least another two police officers were wounded.
Ramadi, the provincial capital of the Sunni Anbar province, is a stronghold of Sunni insurgents and a prime base of Al-Qaeda operators.
In the past few months, insurgents have been using chlorine bombs to attack security forces and civilians in the province.
Nepali Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala Saturday called for building a society free of disease on the occasion of marking the World Health Day.
Koirala, who is also looking after the Health and Population Minister portfolio, said, Today we are embarking on building a new, prosperous and peaceful Nepal. 
No one should forget that healthy citizens alone are the means for that big responsibility.
He said since it is the inherent right of every citizen to become healthy and to get the proper opportunity of medication, the government should include this in the first priority of its action plan and work with commitment for providing accessible and affordable health services to the general public.
Koirala also stressed the need for the government to be always sensitive regarding the health of the people by keeping in mind several factors like nutritious food, clean drinking water, healthy environment, proper housing and timely diagnosis.
It is the responsibility of us all to make the people aware for a healthy way of life and to overcome the challenges in the sector through the collective efforts of all, he said.
The World Health Organization has presented the slogan Invest in health: Build a safer future for this year's World Health Day.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon on Saturday called on all parties in East Timor to make the country's first presidential  election since independence a free and fair one.
I hope the elections will be free, fair, transparent and credible. 
I hope they will be unmarred by violence and intimidation, and I hope they will lead to results accepted by all, Ban said in a message broadcast on local radio.
The way these elections are conducted will be decisive in setting the tone for how your society develops in the future, the UN secretary general said.
The eyes of the world are upon you. 
I call on all candidates and their supporters to accept the results in a peaceful manner.
Voters go to the polls on Monday to elect the successor to Xanana Gusmao, with Prime Minister Jose Ramos-Horta, a Nobel peace laureate, considered to be a strong contender. 
The powerful Fretilin party chairman, Fransisco Guterres, and Fernando Lasama De Araujo, who chairs the opposition Democrat Party, are also considered to be viable candidates. 
Gusmao is not seeking re-election.
At least 32 people have already been injured in clashes this week in and around the capital Dili, although most of the two-week presidential campaign was peaceful, the UN said.
Violence has pulsed through the fledgling state since it gained independence in 2002 after a period of UN stewardship, Indonesia previously  occupied the former Portuguese colony for a turbulent 24 years.
Two-hundred people blocked roads in an Argentine province on Friday to protest over the death of a teacher, wounded when police used tear gas to quell a demonstration, a civil defense source said.
The death of the 41-year-old teacher late on Thursday deepened a conflict between teaching staff and the local government in the Patagonian province of Neuquen, where teachers want better pay and conditions.
Many public-sector workers are currently seeking higher salaries in Argentina to keep pace with inflation at nearly 10 percent last year.
They're blocking two bridges that are key access routes to the province, said a source from Neuquen's Civil Defense, who asked not to be named.
We don't know what's going to happen because the issue's not just wages. 
They're calling for the authorities in the province to resign over what happened, the source added.
The teacher who died was hit by a tear gas canister when police used tear gas and rubber bullets to force protesting teachers off a highway on Wednesday.
Teachers across the South American country will go on strike on Monday to protest the police response, which also drew criticism from the central government in Buenos Aires.
If there really was an order to put down (the protest) in this way, the culprits have to pay for it. 
We can't have a teacher dead because of a pay dispute, Education Minister Daniel Filmus told local radio.
Hundreds of new guards and closed-circuit TV cameras will be used to protect rare Asiatic lions threatened by poachers and villagers in their only natural habitat, Indian officials said on Saturday.
The government of the western state of Gujarat, where the Gir wildlife sanctuary is located, set up an Asiatic Lion Protection Cell after 10 lions were found dead during the last six weeks, six of them killed by poachers, they said.
Another 21 lions have died over the last five years after falling into open wells in the park, raising questions about the safety of the wild animals and the conservation system in the sprawling, 1,400 sq km (540 sq mile) sanctuary.
I admit lion protection has not been as water-tight as it should be and we are now going to make fundamental changes to safeguard them, P.N. Roychoudhary, a senior state forestry official, told Reuters.
More than 300 new security guards would be deployed as part of the plan, he said.
Police say poachers kill the lions to extract bones and sell them at high prices in Chinese markets. No arrests have been made so far.
The bones are used for traditional Chinese medicine and the claws are worn by some men as pendants in the belief that will increase their virility.
It is the same network of poachers that has been targeting the Indian tigers, said one state police officer, who did not want to be identified. 
Now they have shifted their focus to Asiatic lions.
According to a government census, the number of lions in Gir, where they are protected and bred in natural conditions, had risen to 359 in 2005 from 327 in 2001.
Asiatic lions different from African lions, with a characteristic skin fold on their bellies and thinner manes on the males once roamed most of Asia.
Wildlife activists say the lions are also under threat from thousands of villagers living in and around the forests and want them to be relocated to save the endangered species.
We will have to make the sanctuary an exclusive lion zone. 
It is their last natural abode and India has to protect it, said conservationist R.M. Patel.
India is also struggling to save its endangered tigers, as people invade their habitat and poachers kill them for body parts that fetch huge sums in the international black market.
Some 40 people have been killed and more than 70 injured in fierce sectarian clashes between Sunni and Shiite Muslims in northern Pakistan, officials said Saturday.
So far we have received reports that 40 people have been killed in clashes in two days of fighting between two religious groups in Parachinar, said Arif Habib, a top official dealing with security in tribal areas bordering Afghanistan.
Local officials said more than 70 people were also injured in the fighting.
Parachinar, a tribal town close to the Afghan border in Pakistan's North West Frontier Province, has a history of sectarian violence between Sunni and Shiite communities.
The town was placed under curfew on Friday after fighting erupted between the rival groups and troops were deployed to restore order.
Officials said the soldiers had been given shoot-on-sight orders to curb the violence.
Parachinar administration official Sahibzada Anees said army troops backed up by gunship helicopters were patrolling the streets of the town, which has a population of around 70,000.
Officials said 14 deaths occurred when rockets crashed into a house of a resident early Saturday. 
Among those killed were two women and four children.
Clashes between the two communities over a shrine last year left around 20 people dead.
Anees said trouble erupted after members of the Shiite community staged a demonstration Friday outside their mosque against local Sunnis who allegedly chanted anti-Shiite slogans during a religious rally last week.
Shiites, who account for about 20 per cent of Pakistan's 160 million Sunni-dominated population, are in the majority in Parachinar.
Sectarian violence involving Sunni and Shiite militants has claimed more than 4,000 lives since the late 1980s.
The bloodshed comes while unrelated battles between tribesmen and Al-Qaeda foreign militants have been raging in South Waziristan tribal district, some 180 kilometres northeast of Parachinar.
The Waziristan battles have left more than 250 dead, mostly Uzbek and Chechan fighters in the past three weeks.
Indian Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee sustained minor injuries on Saturday when his car crashed head-on with a truck in eastern India, police said.
Mukherjee (71), the number two figure in Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's cabinet, was returning to the eastern city of Kolkata after a meeting in Berhampur town in West Bengal state when the accident happened, they said.
The veteran politician was among three injured in the crash. 
He suffered minor bruises, including to the head, and had been admitted to a local hospital, Subrata Mitra, a senior district police officer, said by phone.
The accident took place after one of the truck's tyres burst and its driver lost control of the vehicle about 120 km north of Kolkata, Mitra said.
Mukherjee, a senior member of India's ruling Congress party, was shifted to the foreign ministry from the defence ministry in October.
The post had been vacant for nearly a year before that because the previous foreign minister had quit after he was named in an independent report on irregularities in the United Nations' oil-for-food programme for Iraq.
Iran said on Sunday it would not discuss its obvious right to master the nuclear fuel cycle but was open to talks that could reassure the West that its atomic plans were not aimed at producing bombs.
Foreign Ministry spokesman Mohammad Ali Hosseini also told a weekly news conference the Islamic Republic's military was totally prepared to defend the country and Iran is totally prepared for any possible military strike.
The United States, which believes Iran is trying to build an atomic bomb, has said it wants a diplomatic solution to end the row over Tehran's nuclear ambitions but has not ruled out military action if that route fails.
Indian Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee was seriously injured when his car and a truck collided in the east of the country, the Press Trust of India (PTI) news agency reported early Sunday.
Mukherjee received stitches to the head but was conscious and in stable condition, West Bengal state Home Secretary P.R. Roy told PTI.
The accident occurred late Saturday as the 71-year-old Mukherjee was headed back to the eastern city of Kolkata with other leaders of the ruling Congress party from Murshidabad.
A truck skidded and hit the minister's car head-on near the village of Nakashipara, the agency reported. 
At least four others were injured in the accident.
Mukherjee was first treated at a local hospital and then transferred to a district hospital in Krishnanagar.
Doctors were determining whether to move him again to Kolkata for further treatment.
Mukherjee is a veteran Congress leader from West Bengal state who has held a host of ministerial posts since the 1970s. 
Appointed defence minister in 2004, he took over foreign affairs in October last year.
He is seen as close to both Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress party leader Sonia Gandhi. 
Gandhi's biographer Rasheed Kidwai described Mukherjee as the Mister Indispensable of the Congress party. 
When the government is under attack from within the party, the prime minister and Sonia Gandhi look to him to bail them out, Kidwai told AFP last year.
A German national was found dead in his hotel room in mysterious circumstances here Sunday.
Fritz Walter was an engineer and his body was recovered by the police from his hotel room in a main commercial area of the city after the hotel management them when the German didn't come out of his room for three days.
A post mortem would be held to find out the cause of his death. 
But the condition of his body indicates he died within the last 24 hours, a investigating officer said. 
He said the German had arrived March 28 to Karachi to work on a biscuit factory plant.
Meanwhile, in the North West Frontier Province police found the body of a South African national in a plastic bag in the provincial capital city of Peshawar Sunday.
Police officer Behroze Khan said the man was identified as Kenneth Scott Andrew of Durban. 
The passport documents recovered from him shows him as a 26-year-old. 
China's ruling Communist Party has fired a local official for having too many children both with his wife and a mistress in violation of strict family planning policies, a state newspaper said on Monday.
Qin Huaiwen, who headed a construction bureau in Yulin in the northwestern province of Shaanxi, had three daughters with his wife and a son and a daughter by his mistress, who was almost 20 years his junior, the Beijing News said.
Most urban Chinese couples are only allowed to have one child.
One of his daughters by his wife was registered as being his wife's sister's, while the two children he had with his mistress took their mother's surname and lived with their grandparents, the report said.
The family ties only came to light after the mistress began complaining about a lack of child support and her second-rate position to Qin's wife, the newspaper added.
Qin denied his mistress' children were related to him, but DNA tests proved otherwise, it said.
Qin was also charged with adultery, and was expelled from the party as well as losing his job, it said.
Keith Ellison, the Muslim member of the US Congress, who accompanied House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on a recent Middle East tour, said he hoped to return to Saudi Arabia later this year to perform the Haj.
I did think of going to perform Umrah (the smaller pilgrimage) but the schedule did not allow it, Keith Ellison, a Minnesota Democrat, told AFP before the congressional delegation wraps up its regional tour.
I hope to do the Haj this year, God willing, he said. 
Ellison was elected to the House of Representatives when Democrats swept to victory in last November's elections. He arrived in Saudi Arabia on Wednesday as part of Pelosi's seven-member delegation which earlier visited Israel, the West Bank, Lebanon and Syria.  
I had never been to a Muslim country before this visit to the area, said Ellison, who took the oath of office in January on a copy of the Qur'an that belonged to the third US President Thomas Jefferson. 
The Haj is one of the five pillars of Islam which all able-bodied Muslims must undertake once in a lifetime if they have the means. This year, it will fall in December. Ellison, an African American who converted from Roman Catholicism while a student in college, said he believed the United States 'could do much more' in terms of engaging to seek solutions in the Middle East. 
If you want to make peace, you have to talk about the problems preventing peace, he said.
A 3-year-old New Zealand boy died choking on a lolly at his birthday party, it was reported on Monday.
The boy's parents were unable to dislodge the sweet after it stuck in his throat as he celebrated the birthday at his home in Napier on Saturday.
They dialled the emergency number but paramedics could not revive the boy, police said. 
At least two people have been killed in renewed clashes in Mogadishu between Ethiopian troops and Somali insurgents, residents said on Wednesday.
Heavy shelling rocked the southern region of the Somali capital on Tuesday night, and some mortars fell close to the presidential palace.
Two people have been killed and four wounded, a local reporter told Reuters.
The United States launched a fresh air strike Tuesday in southern Somalia, near the site where a US gunship raided suspected Al-Qaeda hideouts the night before, a government official said.
The attack, by at least two helicopters, was aimed at destroying the command and control facility of the terrorists, a Somali defence ministry official told AFP.
Somali troops and Ethiopian forces will go to the area, added the official who declined to be identified.
Ali Said Yusuf Mohamed, a resident of Afmadow, a town about 420 kilometres (263 miles) southwest of Mogadishu, said two helicopters flew over and dropped some bombs on a nearby village.
We do not know whether they were American or Ethiopian helicopters, he said.
The Somali official confirmed that they were US military helicopters.
There were no reports of casualities from the attacked village, which lies in an area where joint Ethiopian and Somali troops have been searching for the remnants of Islamist forces routed in a major offensive that began late last month.
A US AC-130 gunship hit at least two villages in the same area late Monday in a raid targetting suspected Al-Qaeda operatives wanted in connection with the 1998 bombing of the US embassies in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam.
Ethiopian and Somali troops last week routed the Islamists from their final stronghold in the southern port town of Kismayo, forcing them to flee into scrublands along the border with Kenya.
Somali officials said the US air strikes were launched after negotiations with the Ayr subclan believed to be sheltering the Al-Qaeda operatives failed to disclose the whereabouts of the wanted men.
The Islamists have vowed to wage a guerrilla war against the government and its Ethiopian backers.
Ethiopia's Prime Minister Meles Zenawi said Wednesday that a US air strike on suspected Al-Qaeda targets in southern Somalia had killed eight persons and resulted in the capture of five.
However, speaking to reporters here, Meles said he could not confirm the identities of the dead and wounded and added that seven of 20 fighters targetted in the air strike seemed to have got away.
The target was 20 terrorists, 13 of them are now out of action, he said. 
The remaining we don't know where they are. 
Eight are dead and there are five wounded terrorists now under the control of our troops.
Ethiopia, which sent troops into Somalia last month to back the transitional government and rout the country's rising Islamist movement, has worked closely with US intelligence in tracking Al-Qaeda suspects in southern Somalia.
Meles said Ethiopian forces had gone to the scene of Monday's US raid and collected the dead and wounded, whom he maintained included no civilians, but that none of them had yet been positively identified.
We cannot confirm the identities, they have not been confirmed by proper DNA tests, he said. 
Adding that the bodies would be taken to labs for analysis.
The Ethiopian leader also urged Washington to limit the scope of operations in Somalia, a lawless African nation that has lacked an effective government since the 1991 ouster of dictator Mohamed Siad Barre.
Our message to the United States is not to expand the scope of their action in Somalia. 
Let our troops on the ground deal with the situation, he said.
I know for sure that this US strike did not hit civilian targets, Meles said. 
Adding that Monday's target was almost exclusively Somalian but may have involved very senior Islamist court leaders.
The United States carried out its first overt military action in Somalia since 1994 with a targetted air strike on Monday against suspected Al-Qaeda hideouts using an AC-130 gunship.
Somali elders said at least 19 people had died in the attack.
Meles spoke amid reports of fresh strikes near the Kenyan border came amid criticism of US military action in Somalia.
Washington says target Al-Qaeda operatives being sheltered by the country's defeated Islamist movement.
There has been only one American air strike as far as I know ... They knew where the target was and suspected it would be moving and they thought they had to act quickly, Meles said.
The operation so far didn't put us in an uncomfortable situation, but they may in the future if they hit the wrong target. 
So I would very much hope that they will be very selective in their activities and make sure their is no civilian casualties in the exercise, Meles explained.
The Pentagon denied US involvement in at least two later helicopter strikes in the region reported by the Somali defense ministry on Tuesday.
A police officer was shot dead in Russia's Caucasus republic of Dagestan on Saturday night before an apparent follow-up explosion killed two of his colleagues who had come to investigate, a Russian news agency reported Sunday. 
Eight suspected rebels were reported killed in other clashes in Russia's troubled north Caucasus region on Saturday evening, bringing the day's death toll from the unrest to 11.
In the Dagestani capital Makhachkala a police investigator was shot dead with an automatic weapon as he returned home Saturday evening, the Interfax news agency reported, citing a local police official. 
The republic's interior minister then drove to the scene of the crime, and as he approached, an explosion hit a jeep carrying his security guards, killing two, the news agency said. 
Earlier in the neighbouring republic of Ingushetia, police fought a two-hour gun battle with rebels, killing four, news agencies reported.
In Chechnya, four rebels were killed when security forces sealed off territory around an old food-processing plant where fighters had holed up, Interfax cited Chechen Interior Minister Ruslan Alkhanov as saying.
Armed clashes are frequent in the Caucasus mountain region in southern Russia. 
Dagestan and Ingushetia both border Chechnya, which has been devastated by more than a decade of conflict between Russian forces and Chechen rebels.
An international conference to combat the use of child soldiers opened in Paris Monday, attended by representatives of some 60 countries, international organisations and aid agencies.
Organised by the French foreign ministry and the UN children's agency UNICEF, the two day conference is to study ways of stopping the recruitment of under-age soldiers, of whom there are estimated to be some 250,000 in the world. 
Participating countries will sign up to a programme promising action to end recruitment, liberate those in arms and help their reinsertion into civil society.
In an interview with Le Figaro newspaper, French Foreign Minister Philippe Douste-Blazy described the use of child-soldiers as a revolting reality, more than a war crime, a time-bomb that threatens growth and stability in Africa and elsewhere.
Former child soldiers and charity workers with experience of the phenomenon were to present testimony to delegates.
Iraq will re-open its borders with Iran and Syria, closed earlier this week in the initial stages of a security crackdown, a spokesman for the officer overseeing the plan said on Saturday.
Seventy-two hours have passed and the borders will gradually re-open, but it will take 60 days for the border crossings to return to normal, Brigadier Qassim Moussawi said, without specifying exactly when they would be reopened.
Moussawi said the borders would be open for a limited number of hours each day, under close scrutiny. 
They were closed on Wednesday.
He said the closure was mainly to allow for the smooth deployment of additional security forces in Baghdad, where U.S. and Iraqi troops have stepped up an operation to try to stabilise the violent capital.
The U.S. military had said the border checkpoints would be revamped, partly to establish transfer points to search vehicles coming in.
U.S. officials accuse Syria of allowing foreign fighters to cross its long, porous border with Iraq, and last weekend presented evidence of what they said was Iranian- manufactured weapons being smuggled into Iraq.
The Slovakian government on Wednesday gave the green light to transfer a unit of military engineers from Kabul to the southern Afghan capital of Kandahar, under NATO command.
We agree with the transfer to Kandahar in light of the work done on clearing mines and reconstruction, Slovakian Prime Minister Robert Fico told a press conference. 
Fico emphasised however that the unit of so-called pioneers would only work within the confines of the city's only air base and that the number of Slovakian troops in of Afghanistan would be limited to 65.
The 57-strong Slovakian unit, currently stationed at Kabul airport, could be operational in Kandahar by June, the prime minister said.
NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer called last October for the pioneer unit to be transferred to the south.
That request was initially refused by Fico, who underlined that the contingent was not a combat unit and worried that their safety could not be guaranteed. 
He changed his mind after visiting the area at the end of January.
The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force currently counts some 32,000 soldiers from 37 countries, while the military base in Kandahar alone houses 2,500 troops and 1,000 civilians.
A train collided with a trailer truck Thursday morning on a crossing in Bihoro, Hokkaido, leaving 48 people injured and leading to the arrest of the truck driver for alleged negligence resulting in injuries, local police said.
The police arrested the truck's driver, Hideyuki Kanayama, 45, and quoted him as saying, I slammed on the brakes after realizing the crossing gate was closed, but couldn't stop.
The collision occurred at a railroad crossing between Bihoro and Hiushinai on Hokkaido Railway Co.'s Sekihoku Line at around 8:20 a.m., the company said.
The Hokkaido police said 46 of the train's 70 passengers were injured, as well as the drivers of the train and the truck.
Local firefighters said about 40 people were taken to hospital, including two passengers who suffered serious injuries such as broken bones.
Some of the train passengers were students on their way to a graduation ceremony at a high school in the nearby city of Kitami, and 25 of them were injured and taken to hospital, including a girl who suffered a broken bone, the school said.
A resident living near the accident site said he heard a loud crash and saw ambulances taking bleeding people.
The train is normally empty with only two or three passengers. 
I can't believe that such a lot of people got injured, the 75-year-old resident said.
A four-year old girl has tested positive for bird flu in the Egyptian Nile Delta province of Dakahlia, a health ministry source said Thursday adding that this was the first case detected in Dakahlia.
The girl was reportedly in contact with domestic poultry, the source added.
She is currently being treated at a Cairo hospital. 
Her siblings are being tested for potential infection.
Meanwhile, a two-year old boy from Qena, in central Egypt, also suspected of carrying the virus has been hospitalized.
Since the first outbreak of bird flu in Egypt in 2005, 13 of 23 people who contracted the illness have died.
After an initial panic which saw many Egyptians getting rid of their birds, people in rural areas have since resumed raising poultry domestically to sell at public markets or as a source of cheaper protein.
A few weeks ago, the Egyptian government suspected that a mutated strain of the virus with reduced susceptibility to the Tamiflu vaccine had emerged.
Medical experts confirmed shortly afterwards that the virus had not mutated to a new more dangerous strain transmitted between humans.
Armed clashes broke out Thursday between Iraqi police and gunmen in Iskandariya, south of Baghdad, killing at least five people and injuring seven, including policemen, an Iraqi police source said.
The gunmen had attacked electricity workers who were conducting maintenance operations on the road between Mahawil and Iskandariya cities in Hillah, 100 kilometres south of the capital, the source added.
Casualties, according to the Iraqi police, were expected to rise on both sides.
Meanwhile, US-led coalition forces killed three terrorist suspects and detained 16 others during operations Thursday morning targeting al-Qaeda in Iraq, the US military reported.
During an operation west of Ramadi, 110 kilometres west of Baghdad, coalition forces killed two terrorists and detained six others.
South of Baghdad, coalition forces killed one armed terrorist who charged at them as they entered a targeted building.
Six suspected terrorists allegedly associated with al-Qaeda in Iraq were also detained in operations in Bayji, north of Baghdad, and four others with alleged ties to foreign fighter facilitation were detained in Ramadi.
In other news, a US marine was killed Wednesday in Anbar province, the US military reported Thursday.
Kurdish demonstrators forced their way into the United Nations building here on Thursday in protest at the reported poisoning of rebel leader Abdullah Ocalan.
Around 20 demonstrators barged past UN security guards and into the main courtyard of the Palais des Nations before being ejected.
Ocalan's been poisoned, that's why we're here, one demonstrator, who gave his name as Erdam, told AFP.
Kurds from all over Switzerland had gathered in protest, he added.
Ocalan is the head of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), which has been fighting an armed separatist campaign against Ankara since 1984. 
He has been in jail in Turkey since 1999.
His lawyers in Rome on Thursday claimed he has been poisoned in jail, and demanded the UN send a medical team to investigate.
Ocalan's defence team showed reporters in the Italian capital the results of tests indicating the presence of what they said were toxic metals in the Kurdish leader's hair.
Italian lawyer Giuliano Pisapia said Ocalan was suffering a progressive poisoning and ruled out the possibility that the metals had entered his body naturally. 
There are only two other possibilities poisoning through his food or through his water, he told a press conference.
Lawyer Mahmut Sakar called on the United Nations and the Council of Europe to send an independent medical delegation to examine the PKK chief.
A shootout shook a village in Georgia just across the border from breakaway Abkhazia on Thursday, days before parliamentary polls in the separatist region, a representative of the Georgian interior ministry said.
Shota Utiashvili said Abkhaz gunmen opened fire on activists from a Georgian non-governmental organisation after they held a media briefing in protest against the elections due on March 4.
As far as we know, they gathered journalists to tell them they would boycott the parliamentary polls, Utiashvili said.
Georgian police returned fire in the clash which lasted half an hour to an hour, he told Reuters. 
Three activists who had crossed from Abkhazia for the meeting were detained by Abkhaz police, he said.
Shooting between gunmen from Abkhazia and Georgian police breaks out sporadically on the de facto border and casualties are recorded every few months.
Utiashvili said no information was available on casualties. 
One Georgian television channel said several people had been wounded.
Abkhaz Foreign Minister Sergei Shamba told Georgian television, There was no shooting at all.
The speaker of Georgia's parliament Nino Burjanadze called the shootout another provocation from the Abkhaz side.
The pro-Tbilisi government of Abkhazia fled during fighting in 1992-93 when separatists drove out Georgian forces.
Based since then in the Georgian capital, it has no real power.
South Ossetia, another breakaway region along Georgia's northern border with Russia, last year voted in a referendum for independence.
An Indian state on Friday rejected a proposal by prostitutes to pay tax to the government in return for stopping police raids on brothels and checks on soliciting clients.
Officials in the eastern state of West Bengal said since prostitution was illegal, the government could not tax sex workers.
Tomorrow, criminals will say we will pay taxes so don't catch us, Raj Kanojia, a top state police officer, said.
On Thursday, the Durbar Mahila Samanwaya Committee (DMSC) an umbrella group of 65,000 sex workers in West Bengal announced that prostitutes would charge clients extra to help them pay tax.
Even if we collect one rupee from each client it would boost the exchequer, Smarajit Jana, DMSC's chief adviser, said. 
Let the government collect taxes legally, as prostitutes in any case pay the police hefty amounts to get away.
About four million clients visit red light areas under the control of DMSC every month in West Bengal.
Sex workers say they are harassed by police and picked up from brothels, hotels and nightclubs and jailed. 
They often have to pay bribes to officers to continue working.
Under Indian law, sex workers cannot solicit customers in public.
Authorities tolerate brothels in some areas although police often raid them to rescue minors or to prevent women from being forced into the profession.
Israeli troops on Friday detained a fifteen-year-old boy at its border with Lebanon, a spokesman of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL) said.
The Israeli Army confirmed that they are holding in custody a man detained Friday near the technical fence, east of the southern Lebanese (village of) Houla, Liam McDowall said.
We are following the matter, he added without elaborating.
Lebanese police identified the boy as Mahmoud Hussein Hajj, a resident of Houla.
The police could not confirm whether the boy was detained on the Lebanese or the Israeli side of the border.
Unidentified gunmen on motorcycles shot at a crowd of supporters of fired Ecuadorean lawmakers, injuring two people on Tuesday and escalating violence in a feud between Congress and the president, witnesses said on Tuesday.
It was not immediately clear how seriously the two had been hurt in the politically unstable Andean nation. 
The shots were fired outside a hotel only hours after fired lawmakers scuffled with police and forced their way into Congress.
A group of unknown assailants on motorcycles shot at our supporters outside. 
There are two people hurt, said opposition lawmaker Clemente Vasquez who was inside the hotel. 
Witnesses and legislators said no lawmaker had been hurt.
Fifty-seven lawmakers have refused to accept an electoral court decision to fire them last week. 
They had tried to reverse a ruling that would allow the popular President Rafael Correa to hold a referendum that would weaken Congressional powers.
A massive explosion in a shop shook the Afghan capital Kabul early Wednesday, killing four people and wounding up to nine, police said.
They said the blast was caused by exploding gunpowder but an intelligence officer said it was a bomb. 
Afghan soldiers, police and firefighters poured into the area.
The blast took place in a bazaar where hunting rifles, gunpowder and bullets are sold, on the other side of the Kabul River from the presidential palace and defence ministry.
Four people have been martyred and nine others are wounded, Abdul Rahman Rahimi, the police commander for the district, told AFP.
Lots of shops and some houses have been destroyed or damaged due to the strong waves of the explosion, he said.
The explosion destroyed a row of mudbrick shops and left a three-metre (10-foot) crater in the ground, an AFP reporter at the scene said.
People combed through the debris with their bare hands and shovels to recover bodies.
We heard a huge explosion from one of the shops, said Ahmad Fahim, who runs a bakery in the area. 
There were people in most of the shops. 
There are still bodies underneath the rubble.
A police colonel at the site who did not want to be named said the type of explosion and the size of the crater suggested dynamite was involved.
It seems that a big amount of gunpowder and some dynamite, which people use for illegal mining, were stored here.
The blast sent a column of dust and smoke into the air. 
NATO's International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) could not immediately confirm what had caused the explosion.
We heard the blast, we went outside and we saw a huge plume of smoke about half a mile south, ISAF spokesman Colonel Tom Collins told AFP.
Kabul was last year rocked by a series of explosions, including several suicide bombings, but has not seen any attacks this year.
The head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog will hold two rounds of talks with North Korea's top nuclear negotiator on Wednesday, a spokeswoman for a visitingdelegation of the International Atomic Energy Agency told Kyodo News in a telephone interview.
A meeting between IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei, who arrived in Pyongyang on Tuesday, and North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Kim Kye Gwan is scheduled in the morning and the other in the afternoon, according to the spokeswoman.
Lebanese police discovered Wednesday a bomb without a detonator near the residence of an official who belongs to the Progressive Socialist Party (PSP), which is headed by prominent anti-Syrian Druze Leader, Walid Jumblatt.
The bomb was placed near the residence of the vice president of the PSP, Douard Yagi, in the city of Baalbeck, a Lebanese security official said.
This is a message sent to the PSP and its leader Walid Jumblatt, Yagi said. 
Jumblatt is an an outspoken critic of Syria.
In the past few weeks, the Lebanese authorities have discovered several explosives planted in various areas.
On Tuesday, Lebanese Interior Minister Hassan Sabaa said that a terrorist network loyal to Syria admitted it was behind a double bus bombing on February 13 that killed three people and wounded 20.
At least 21 people were killed after flash floods and lightning hit their houses in three Yemeni provinces during the past three days, police sources said Monday.
The sources said floods triggered by heavy rain left 15 people dead in the eastern province of Hadhramout. 
In the central province of Ibb, a man, a woman and a child were killed after floods lashed their areas, police said.
Three people were killed by lightning in mountainous areas in the western province of Mahweet.
Floods also destroyed dozens of homes, farms and roads in the three provinces and other southern and eastern provinces which received heavy rain in recent days.
Floods brought by heavy seasonal rain are common in the impoverished Arab country, where dozens of people are killed every year in incidents caused by rains during spring and summer.
Chinese President Hu Jintao left Beijing on Mar. 26 for a three-day visit to     Russia     at the invitation of his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin.
President Hu told reporters before departure that he hoped the visit would achieve substantial fruits and inject new motivity into the development of China-Russia comprehensive ties.
During the visit, President Hu will hold talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
The two sides will discuss the coordination of action between China and Russia in the Korean Peninsula nuclear issue and the     Iran nuclear issue, bilateral cooperation within the framework of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO), and other regional and international affairs.
The two sides will also focus their discussion on the China-Russia economic cooperation, especially in energy.
On the occasion, the two sides will sign a joint statement and agreements on cooperation in banking, transportation and other fields, worth nearly 4 billion USD.
During President Hu's stay in Russia, the Chinese side will organise a largest-ever trade exhibition in Moscow with the participation of about 200 Chinese groups and companies.
Two-way trade between China and Russia reached 33.4 billion USD in 2006, an increase of nearly 15 percent against the previous year. 
It is expected to attain between 60-80 billion USD by 2010.
Top Indian and Pakistani defence officials were to hold talks here Friday on the demilitarisation of a glacier in Kashmir where freezing temperatures have claimed more lives than actual combat.
India has said that iron-clad evidence of Pakistani military positions in the 6,300-metre (20,800-feet) Siachen glacier area of the disputed region is needed before demilitarisation of the world's highest battlefield can begin.
A nine-member Indian delegation led by Defence Secretary Shekhar Dutt arrived in Pakistan late Thursday for talks with Dutt's newly appointed Pakistani counterpart, Kamran Rasool. 
The two-day talks were due to start at 1030 am (0530 GMT), an official said.
These parleys are the part of the ongoing process of composite dialogue between the two countries for resolution of all the outstanding issues, an official Pakistani statement said.
The composite dialogue is the official term for the peace process launched by the nuclear-armed rivals in January 2004, centring on their six-decade dispute over the Himalayan territory of Kashmir.
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Thursday called a meeting of his security cabinet to chalk out a framework for the Siachen talks.
Singh later told reporters in New Delhi that he was hopeful of a positive outcome when asked about his expectations of the meeting, the Press Trust of India news agency reported.
There are immense opportunities. 
We are working together to resolve our differences, Singh said.
Pakistan, which like India claims all of Kashmir, is said to fear that setting out its positions would be tacit acceptance of India's claims to Siachen and the area as a whole.
The two countries have fought two of their three wars over Kashmir.
Six NATO-led soldiers died from injuries sustained Sunday in a mine explosion in southern Afghanistan, the alliance force said in a statement.
Six ISAF soldiers died today in Southern Afghanistan as a result of injuries sustained when the vehicle they were traveling in hit an explosive device, the International Security Assistance Force said in a statement.
The latest casualties brought to seven the number of ISAF soldiers killed on Sunday.
One ISAF soldier was killed and two others were wounded in a separate but similar blast in southern Afghanistan Sunday morning.
The ISAF, in line with to its policies, would not provide information on the exact location of the incidents or reveal the nationalities of the dead soldiers, leaving it to relevant national authorities to do so.
An ISAF vehicle was also damaged in the second blast, the statement said.
The Iraqi army on Sunday was handed a British army base in the city of Basra, 550 kilometres south of Baghdad.
The Iraqi flag was ceremoniously hoisted over the base, one month after another base in central Basra was given to the Iraqi army forces.
The handover comes as part of a phased partial troop withdrawal from Iraq, which was announced on February 21 by British Prime Minister Tony Blair. 
Under the plan, by the end of this summer the troop numbers will be down to 5,000.
Currently, around 7,100 British troops remain in Iraq, with large bases in the south - mainly in Basra and Amarah.
Meanwhile, Adel Muhajir, governor of Amarah, around 390 kilometres south of the capital, said that local forces were ready to take over security from the multi-national forces in the city.
A 15-year-old Egyptian girl has tested positive for bird flu, the official Middle East News Agency (MENA) reported on Sunday, becoming the 34th human case in the country and the first in the capital.
A Health Ministry spokesman identified the girl as Marianna Kameel Mikhail from Cairo's Shubra district, MENA reported.
The girl was admitted to hospital on Thursday suffering from a high fever and is now being treated with Tamiflu and is in a stable condition, the agency said. 
She contracted the virus after coming into contact with infected birds, MENA quoted the ministry spokesman as saying.
Egypt has the highest number of confirmed human bird flu cases outside Asia, and 13 Egyptians have died of bird flu since it first surfaced in the country's poultry a year ago.
Most of those who fell ill were reported to have had contact with sick or dead household birds, mainly in northern Egypt.
Thousands of supporters of Iraq's radical Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr on Sunday prepared to stage a massive anti-US rally on Monday's fourth anniversary of the fall of Baghdad, police said.
Police Colonel Ali Jiraou confirmed that thousands of Sadr movement members were in Najaf south of Baghdad and that security measures were being made to protect them.
Hundreds of Iraqi flags were raised over government buildings in Najaf and in public squares, according to an AFP journalist.
The demonstration is scheduled to begin on Monday outside Sadr's mosque in Kufa and proceed into the twin Shiite shrine city of Najaf, a member of Sadr's office in Najaf told AFP on condition of anonymity.
He said thousands of Sadr sympathisers were travelling to Najaf to join the demonstration against the US-led foreign occupation of Iraq.
It will be an Iraqi demonstration in the name of all Iraqis. 
We will raise the Iraqi flag and also banners demanding that the occupation leave, he said.
Oudha Mohammed, a representative of Sadr in the southern Shiite city of Basra, said thousands of residents had left for Najaf following Sadr's call to demonstrate against the occupation.
A spokesman for Najaf governorate, Ahmed Duaibil, confirmed that a joint committee of Sadr supporters and provincial administrators would be set up to ensure the safety of protesters.
On March 30, Sheikh Abdul Hadi al-Muhamadawi, speaking on behalf of Sadr in Kufa, urged Iraqis to protest on April 9, the fourth anniversary of the fall of Baghdad and the overthrow of former president Saddam Hussein.
Sadr, whose Mahdi Army militia is branded the most dangerous element in Iraq by the Pentagon and whom the Americans believe has fled to Iran, has always demanded that US troops leave the country.
Chinese navy and Zhejiang marine police rescue teams searched the East China Sea for 20 crew from a cargo ship that collided with another ship and sank on Sunday, state media reported.
The Belize-registered Harvest sank off the coast of Zhejiang province, Xinhua News Agency reported late on Sunday, quoting local marine police from Zhejiang province. 
The ship was carrying 5,000 tonnes of steel from Shanghai to Vietnam.
All the crew members aboard -- 19 Chinese and one Indonesian -- were missing, Xinhua said.
The other ship, a 17,061-tonnne Chinese vessel, was sailing from Fuzhou, the capital of southeastern Fujian province, to Zhangjiagang in Jiangsu Province. 
The report did not say whether that ship was damaged.
Bangladesh's last prime minister Khaleda Zia has agreed to demands from the country's military-backed authorities that she leave by April 22, an aide said Wednesday.
Zia is one of the highest-profile figures to be targeted by emergency-ruled Bangladesh's interim government, in the midst of a major crackdown on corruption and clean-up of the country's political system.
She has been asked to leave the country by April 22, a close aide told AFP on condition he not be named. 
He added she would leave the country for Saudi Arabia before the deadline on Sunday.
Officials and close aides to Zia said earlier she had agreed to leave quietly in return for leniency for her two sons, both of whom faced graft and extortion charges.
The Amar Desh Bengali-language daily, which is owned by Zia's political secretary, reported Wednesday that she would leave with the family of her younger son Arafat Rahman.
The Ittefaq newspaper also said Zia, 61, and six members of her family had received visas from the Saudia Arabian embassy.
Zia was prime minister until her five-year term ended in October and together with her arch rival Sheikh Hasina Wajed has been blamed for steering the country into political chaos.
The two women have ruled the country alternately since democracy was reintroduced in 1991.
A military-backed interim government took power in January after President Iajuddin Ahmed declared a state of emergency and cancelled planned elections following months of political violence between loyalists of the two women.
An ensuing crackdown has seen dozens of top officials from Zia's Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP) and Sheikh Hasina's Awami League arrested. 
Zia herself has been under virtual house arrest since last week.
A Cuban dissident living in Bolivia who openly criticized the South American country's closer ties with Cuba was deported to Colombia on Tuesday, a Bolivian government official said.
Amauris Samartino, who arrived in Bolivia in 2000, was detained in late December on charges he violated a Bolivian law prohibiting foreign nationals from interfering in Bolivia's internal affairs.
The government moved to deport him after a state-owned television station showed Samartino shouting anti-government slogans at a rally against leftist President Evo Morales.
Colombia will be a temporary destination. 
Later he could be sent to Switzerland, Bolivia's Human Rights Ombudsman Waldo Albarracin told reporters.
The Bolivian government turned to the UNHCR, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees, for help in finding a country that would accept Samartino after both Cuba and the United States refused to take him.
Bolivian officials have said that Samartino and 11 other Cubans who entered the country in October 2000 after fleeing to the U.S. Navy base in Guantanamo did not have political refugee status.
Two Royal Air Force helicopters from a base in central England have collided, the Ministry of Defence said.
The ministry could not confirm media reports that one crew member had been killed and four injured in the crash.
A spokesman said the helicopters had collided at RAF Ternhill in Shropshire. 
Rescue services were on site.
The bodies of a woman and two young children were found at an address in east London on Wednesday, police said.
Officers discovered the bodies of a 26-year-old and two children, believed to be aged three and six, after a woman was reported missing. 
They were pronounced dead at the scene in East Ham.
Scotland Yard said detectives were treating the deaths as suspicious. 
Inquiries continue and we retain an open mind regarding the circumstances at this early stage, police said in a statement.
No more details were released.
Royal Nepal Airlines has apologized to Peru after mistakenly using a photo of the Inca ruins of Machu Picchu to promote tourism in Nepal.
Peru's foreign ministry said in a statement on Wednesday the flagship carrier of the Himalayan kingdom, about half way around the world from the Andean country, had put the picture of Peru's tourism icon, Machu Picchu, on a poster under a slogan Have you seen Nepal
Peruvian mountaineer Ernesto Malaga, who was visiting India last month, noticed the blunder on a poster hanging on a wall in the airline's office in New Delhi. 
Peruvian authorities requested explanations from the airline via the embassy.
The airline  offered apologies to Peru for using the picture of the Machu Picchu Sanctuary on a poster to promote their country and assured that the lamentable error has been corrected, the statement said.
As a consequence, the Nepalese airline fired an employee in the rank of a manager  It is concluded that it was an isolated error, it added.
From a distance, some mountain temples in the Himalayas could be mistaken for Incan ruins, which also cling to steep slopes.
Nepal is actively promoting tourism in the hope that foreigners will return in big numbers to visit its snow-capped mountains and ancient temples after a long Maoist revolt.
In the meantime, Peru's government is urging residents and visitors to vote for the Andean Machu Picchu site as one of the world's new seven wonders in a publicity campaign by the New7Wonders Foundation.
Built in the 1460s and abandoned for three centuries after the Spanish conquest, Machu Picchu, or Old Peak in the Quechua language, was rediscovered by U.S. archeologist Hiram Bingham in 1911.
The percentage of Americans who are dieting is at its lowest in at least 16 years even though a majority of adults say they would like to lose 20 pounds (9 kg), according to a study released on Wednesday.
Baby boomers are making their own dieting decisions rather than relying on medical advice, said Harry Balzer, author of the study by research firm NPD Group.
This is a time in life where health issues begin to creep into our lives and in the past, doctors provided advice, said Balzer, NPD vice president.
It appears people in this age group today are either not getting  or not listening to  their doctor's advice, he added in a statement.
According to the survey, in the 12 months ended in February 2006, 26 percent of women and 19 percent of men in the United States said they were on a diet. 
That's down from 35 percent of women and 26 percent of men in 1990.
Still, 60 percent of U.S. adults say they would like to lose 20 pounds, the study said.
In 2006, the most popular diet in the United States was a self-made regimen, the study said. 
The second-most followed diet was one prescribed by a doctor and the third was Weight Watchers.
Government health officials estimate about 60 percent of the adult population is overweight with the number of those considered obese on the rise over the past decade.
A recent survey by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found about 23.9 percent of U.S. adults are obese, up from 15.6 percent in 1995 and 19.8 percent in 2000.
Member countries of the Jeddah-based Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC) are lagging behind other countries in science and technology. 
According to a recent report released by the OIC, which groups 57 Muslim countries, only three countries among the OIC members produce high technology products for export, while Turkey, Egypt and Uzbekistan have topped patents granted for technology. 
India surpasses all OIC members in science and technology. 
The report showed that Pakistan is advancing in nuclear energy technology, Malaysia in space science, Turkey in automobiles and Saudi Arabia in petrochemicals.
OIC Assistant Secretary General for Science and Technology Dr. Ali Akbar Salehi said that most member States are allocating minimum funds for science and technology. 
The average allocation for all member States collectively is 0.66 per cent which is far behind the world average rate of 36.2 per cent, the OIC official said.
Up to 11 people were killed in clashes in Guinea's capital on Monday between police and protesters supporting a general strike aimed at ousting President Lansana Conte, a hospital doctor said.
There are at least 100 injured. 
The number of dead can be estimated at 11, but we have to finalise the count. 
The injured are still coming in, the doctor at the Donka Hospital in Conakry, who asked not to be named, told Reuters.
A police source said elite army units, including members of the presidential guard wearing red berets, fired into the air to disperse protesters trying to march towards the city centre.
We've managed to disperse them, the source said, without mentioning casualties.
The clashes in Conakry came on the 13th day of a general strike launched by union leaders who say Conte, a reclusive diabetic in his 70s, is unfit to rule and should step aside.
The stoppage turned violent last week and before Monday's deaths, at least eight people had already been killed in clashes across the West African country.
Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Aso said the six-party talks could resume early February, local media reported Tuesday.
Aso said that the negotiations to disband North Korea's nuclear weapons programmes should be reopened in the first two weeks of February, at the earliest, according to Jiji Press.
It is essential for the participating states to commit themselves to accomplishing concrete plans of denuclearization of North Korea before they set the date, added Aso.
Japan's lead nuclear negotiator Kenichiro Sasae and his Chinese counterpart Wu Dawei are expected to meet Wednesday and set the date of the talks, Aso was quoted as saying.
A suicide attacker blew himself up near a NATO base in eastern Afghanistan early Tuesday, missing foreign soldiers but causing a number of other casualties, the NATO-led force and police said.
The attacker struck near the Salerno base of the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) near the eastern city of Khost.
There was an explosion in the vicinity of Salerno early this morning in Khost province. 
There were no ISAF casualties. 
However we are aware of a number of other casualties, an ISAF spokeswoman told AFP.
Police said the number of casualties was not yet clear.
The suicide bombing was in front of a base of the coalition forces, police spokesman Zemarai Bashary told AFP in Kabul.
On casualties, he said: We cannot say  the area was blocked by the coalition forces and no one was allowed in.
Suicide attacks are a hallmark of the Taliban-led insurgency that kicked off when the hardline Islamic movement was driven from power in 2001.
There were nearly 140 such attacks in the country last year, according to US officials. 
They were mostly aimed at foreign and Afghan forces, but killed more civilians.
German foreign minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said Monday that the European Union is ready for talks with Tehran to resolve the nuclear issue.
Germany currently holds the six-month rotating EU Presidency. 
We have linked this to our preparedness to entertain a double- track approach. 
We will be available if we see movement on the Iranian side. 
So the Iranians know and have known for some months what they need to do, added the German minister.
The EU ministers backed the resolution 1737 and reiterated at the same time their support for efforts to find a negotiated long-term solution to Iran's nuclear issue.
Actor Ryan O'Neil, star of the Oscar-winning 1970 hit film Love Story, was arrested for assault with a deadly weapon after shooting a gun inside his house during a fight with his son, Hollywood media reported.
O'Neil, 65, was arrested early Saturday after the fight with his son Griffin, 42, in his Malibu, California home, movie star website TMZ.com reported, citing police sources.
The website said he was booked at the Lost Hills sheriff's office and released a few hours later after posting bail of 50,000 dollars.
It also said that a 22-year-old woman, a friend of O'Neil's son, was inadvertently injured during the fight and taken to a local hospital. 
But there was no information on what caused the injury or her condition.
O'Neil was nominated for an Academy Award for the classic tear-jerker Love Story, which ultimately won one Oscar out of many nominations for best music from an original score.
Most recently he has been seen in a number of television appearances, including in the hit Desperate Housewives.
Confectionery giant Masterfoods, which owns the Mars and Snickers candy bar brand names, has said it will stop marketing its core products to children under the age of 12 by the end of this year, the Financial Times reported on Monday.
Citing a letter to the European Commission's director-general for health and consumer protection Robert Madelin, the business daily said that the policy will apply to all advertising, including online and new media.
We have decided to make an official policy change to a cut-off age of 12 years for all our core products, a Masterfoods letter to Madelin read, according to the FT.
Core products reportedly include snack foods and confectionery.
The newspaper said that while Masterfoods already had a policy of not advertising to children younger than six, rivals Nestle and PepsiCo do not have a global age limit for targeting children.
According to the FT, CadburySchweppes does not advertise to children less than eight, while Kraft does not advertise to children younger than six, though it said that it only markets better for you products such as fruit juices and wheat crackers to children between six and 11.
Israeli troops arrested three Palestinians in the occupied West Bank overnight after they tried to kidnap an Israeli hitchhiker, an army spokeswoman said Monday.
The three were captured after the attempted kidnap near the Jewish settlement of Eli close to the Palestinian West Bank political headquarters of Ramallah.
An Israeli civilian managed to escape and alerted the army who searched the area and set up checkpoints before arresting the attackers, who were carrying weapons and amunition, the spokeswoman said.
Israeli public radio said the three detainees belonged to the radical Islamist movement Hamas, which heads the Palestinian government.
Fighters from the group's armed wing helped to capture an Israeli soldier near the Gaza Strip last June, precipitating months of military operations in the territory although the conscript has yet to be recovered.
Israeli soldiers also arrested another 15 wanted Palestinian suspects overnight elsewhere in the West Bank, the spokeswoman said.
A remote-controlled bomb killed two pro-government tribal elders and wounded another on Monday near Pakistan's northwestern border with Afghanistan, security officials said.
The officials said the elders were apparently targeted for supporting Islamabad's efforts to purge the semi-autonomous frontier region of Taliban and Al-Qaeda militants who fled Afghanistan in 2001.
The blast happened when the trio left a house in Charmang Seddah Shah village, near Khar, the main town in the Bajaur tribal region, to go to a nearby market, they said.
It was an act of terrorism, one of the security officials told AFP on condition of anonymity.
Pakistan has come under fire for failing to tackle Islamic insurgents who took shelter in the tribal zone after US-led forces invaded Afghanistan in the wake of the September 11 attacks on the United States.
President Pervez Musharraf on Friday admitted that some border guards had turned a blind eye to militants crossing the frontier to launch attacks on NATO and US-led forces in Afghanistan.
A military airstrike on an Islamic religious school in Bajaur in October 2006 left 80 people dead. 
Officials said it was an Al-Qaeda training camp but locals said the victims were students.
An alleged CIA missile strike in another part of Bajaur killed 18 people in January 2006. 
Al-Qaeda's Egyptian deputy leader Ayman al-Zawahiri was said to have escaped the attack.
The exiled Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama was named a distinguished professor at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, the first time the 1989 Nobel Peace Prize winner has accepted a university appointment, Emory announced Monday.
Emory, which has a prominent Tibetan studies program conducted in relation to Tibetan Buddhist institutes in India, said in a statement that the Dalai Lama would deliver an inaugural lecture during an October 20-22 visit to the university.
As Presidential Distinguished Professor, the Dalai Lama will continue to provide private teaching sessions with students and faculty during Emory's study-abroad program in Dharamsala (India), as well as provide opportunities for university community members to attend his annual teachings, the university said.
Emory said that aside from the Dalai Lama's offering teaching sessions for Emory students at Emory and in India, the university will establish a fellowship in his name to fund scholarships for Tibetan students enrolling in Emory.
I firmly believe that education is an indispensable tool for the flourishing of human well-being and the creation of a just and peaceful society, and I am delighted to make a small contribution in this regard through this appointment, the Dalai Lama said in the statement.
The Dalai Lama, 71, set up a Tibetan government in exile in Dharamsala in 1959 after fleeing Tibet in the wake of China's takeover.
Saudi King Abdullah bin Abdul-Aziz reminded Tuesday the rival Palestinian Fatah and Hamas movements of their obligations towards God, Islam and Arabism.
Leaders of the two movements were due to meet Tuesday in Mecca at the invitation of the Saudi king to discuss means of ending bloody internecine violence between them.
The monarch's statement came as part of a reply to Palestinians living in Saudi Arabia who had earlier Monday sent him a message.
The Palestinians, who met at the Palestinian embassy in Riyadh Monday evening, said they hope the meeting of the leaders would lead to the end of bloodshed and pave the way for a national unified Palestinian government.
They called on Palestinian leaders not to leave the meeting without reaching a conclusive agreement as well as stopping the bloodshed, which benefits only the Palestinian nation's enemies.
In his reply the Saudi king called on Palestinian leaders to listen to the voice of wisdom derived from Islamic sharia (Islamic law) through a free, honest dialogue, not fighting.
The European Commission on Wednesday said it was sending some 600,000 euros (778,000 dollars) in emergency aid to help the victims of ongoing floods in Indonesia's capital Jakarta.
EU funds will be used to provide some 340,000 most affected people with food, clean water, emergency shelter and health services.
The commission said that it was concerned about epidemic disease outbreaks due to the consumption and usage of contaminated water.
More than 73,000 houses are inundated and clean water supplies have been cut to about 500,000 people, it warned.
Help projects will be carried out by international humanitarian workers on the ground, the EU executive said.
The EU's decision came as the death toll from massive floods in Jakarta rose to 44 on Tuesday and 12 people were killed in neighbouring Banten and West Java provinces when heavy rains triggered a landslide and flash floods.
The floods began last Thursday after torrential monsoon rains submerged up to 75 per cent of the city and displaced more than 340,000 people in the greater Jakarta region, where more than 18 million live.
An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.6 hit Japan's northern island of Hokkaido on Saturday, the Meteorological Agency said. 
But there were no reports of damage or casualties.
The agency said the quake, which struck southeastern Hokkaido, about 900 km (560 miles) north of Tokyo, at 09:03 a.m. (0003 GMT) on Saturday, would not trigger tsunami.
Japan sits at the junction of at least three tectonic plates, immense slabs of the earth's crust whose gradual movements are thought to cause earthquakes, making it one of the world's most earthquake-prone regions.
A New York businessman was indicted on terrorism charges on Friday, accused of transferring $152,000 to fund the purchase of equipment for use in a militant training camp in Afghanistan.
Abdul Tawala Ibn Ali Alishtari was charged with financing terrorism and with money laundering for accepting an unspecified payment to secretly transfer $152,000 for equipment including night-vision goggles in the second half of 2006, said an indictment unsealed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan.
One such transfer by Alishtari, also known as Michael Mixon, included $25,000 from a New York bank account to a bank account in Montreal, Canada, the indictment said.
Alishtari, 53, a U.S. citizen born in the United States, was arrested on Thursday in Manhattan and detained after a hearing in Manhattan federal court on Friday, authorities said.
He was also charged with wire fraud for running an investment program called the Flat Electronic Data Interchange between 1998 and 2004, according to the indictment. 
It attracted millions of dollars in investments by falsely promising high rates of return, the indictment said.
If convicted, he faces a maximum combined sentence of 95 years in prison.
A lawyer for Alishtari could not be immediately reached.
US President George W. Bush on Friday discussed the situation in the Middle East with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah, the White House said.
The telephone talks came just before US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice headed to the Middle East to host a rare summit between Israeli and Palestinian leaders that she hopes will break new ground in reviving peace negotiations frozen for nearly seven years.
Monday's meeting with Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas and Olmert was the focus of Bush's talks with the Israeli prime minister, the White House said in a statement.
Bush also discussed the situation in Iraq and developments in Israeli-Palestinian affairs with the Saudi king, the White House added.
Rice has in recent months heralded the existence of a new opening for progress towards Israeli-Arab peace and the creation of an independent state for Palestinians, and has billed Monday's summit in Jerusalem as a high-profile jump through that breach.
At least 11 people,including a judge, were killed by a bomb blast in a courtroom in the southwestern Pakistani city of Quetta on Saturday, according to a doctor at a hospital where casualties were taken.
Eleven people have been killed, including senior civil judge Abdul Wahid Durrani, Dr. Abdullah, at the district hospital, told Reuters.
Police said the blast was caused by a bomb that went off while the court was in session.
Four people drowned and 20 more were feared dead after a bus in eastern India fell into a river after colliding with a truck on Saturday, police said.
The accident took place on a bridge in Keonjhar district, 270 km (170 miles) north of Bhubaneswar, capital of Orissa state.
At least 20 (more) people could have drowned after the bus fell into the river, Bijoy Murmu, a senior police official said from Keonjhar.
Around 30 people were rescued but 15 of them were in critical condition at a local hospital.
There were well over 50 people in the bus, police said.
Buses and trucks are often driven recklessely in India, where highway regulations are regularly flouted.
Police in India's northern state of Uttarakhand Sunday arrested a man carrying a homemade pistol as he tried to enter a rally which was to be addressed by Sonia Gandhi, chief of India's ruling alliance, media reports said.
Kedar Singh was arrested by the police hours before Gandhi was to speak at the rally in Almora town, during her campaign tour for the Congress party in the local polls, the PTI news agency reported.
Almora is 180 kilometres south-east of state capital Dehradun.
Police officials said the man who was in his mid-40s was being interrogated but it was not clear if he wanted to harm Gandhi.
We are verifying reports regarding his identity, senior police official Satish Shukla was quoted by the news agency as saying.
The incident prompted the Uttarakhand police to sound a high-alert in the state.
Gandhi is one of India's most heavily guarded political personalities and Indian intelligence agencies have said that several militant groups could target her.
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice meets Israeli and Palestinian leaders on Monday in a bid to restart the Mideast peace process that has been overshadowed by how to deal with a new Palestinian unity government.
Rice is to hold a three-way meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas after spending the weekend shuttling between the two sides holding talks she described as extensive, cordial and candid.
Israeli commandos disguised as Palestinians killed an Islamic Jihad commander and two activists in Jenin on Wednesday in a new crackdown in the north of the occupied West Bank.
Israel also relaunched a massive hunt for activists in Nablus, south of Jenin, sending in around 100 jeeps and armoured vehicles, just 24 hours after withdrawing from the West Bank's second-largest city after a two-day siege.
The Palestinians have condemned the Israeli operations, saying they threatened US-led efforts to rekindle the long-stalled peace process.
In Jenin, the undercover force opened fire on a car carrying the guerrillas, killing Ashraf al-Saadi (25), a senior Jihad leader in the West Bank, and Alaa Breiki (26), Palestinian security sources said.
A third activist, Mohammad Abu Naasa (22), was wounded, but a soldier finished him off with a bullet to the head, witnesses said.
One of the soldiers took out his pistol and shot him in the head, said a witness, declining to be named.
An Israeli security source said the two were instantly killed in a car. 
The third was wounded, stepped out of the car, opened fire at the soldiers and was shot down.
The soldiers came to Jenin intending to arrest the activists and opened fire only after the gunmen spotted the undercover unit and fired at it, the source said.
Al-Saadi identified them and fired, lightly wounding one soldier, the source said. 
The troops opened fire and killed them. 
The trio was involved in planning and carrying out attacks against the army and planning suicide bombings, the source said.
Adding that the cell was also behind an attempted suicide bombing in Tel Aviv last week.
After the shooting, around 30 army jeeps moved into Jenin's refugee camp to carry out house-to-house searches for other militants. 
They left after several hours.
Islamic Jihad responded by launching five rockets at Israel from the Gaza Strip, causing minor damage to a fence in the Negev desert, according to army radio. 
Fresh fighting in northern and eastern Sri Lanka left at least 21 rebels dead, while a ship believed to be carrying military hardware for the rebels was blown up off the southern coast of the country, a military spokesman said Wednesday.
At least 18 rebels were killed when two boats were destroyed Tuesday night off the Pulmoddai area, 360 kilometres north-east of the capital, military spokesman Major S Rajapakse said.
Two sailors were injured in the incident, he added.
On Wednesday morning a ship believed to be carrying military hardware for the Tamil rebels was sunk off the southern coast, the spokesman said.
The ship, sighted 180 nautical miles off the southern coast of Matara, was fired upon by the Sri Lankan navy after it ignored orders to halt.
There was also return fire from the ship and they were believed to be carrying weapons for the LTTE (Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam), he said.
Rajapakse added that several explosions were observed aboard the vessel after it sustained hits by the naval bombardment, leading to speculation that explosives were among the ship's cargo.
The navy during the past four years has destroyed at least five ships carrying military hardware for the rebels.
Meanwhile, three more rebels were killed in a confrontation with Police Special Task Force (STF) commandos in Kallady, Batticaloa, 250 kilometres east of the capital Wednesday morning.
The STF recovered a T-56 automatic weapon, four magazines, a claymore mine and four hand grenades after the attack.
The fighting comes a day after rebels launched a mortar attack at a group of diplomats visiting the eastern part of the country, injuring the Italian Ambassador Pio Mariani and 11 others.
Negotiators from North and South Korea haggled Thursday over food aid, family reunions and other topics as their first high-level talks since the North's nuclear test went into a third day.
At the meeting in Pyongyang the impoverished North has asked its wealthy neighbour to resume crucial food aid, which was suspended in protest at the communist state's nuclear and missile programmes.
The North started to raise the issue of humanitarian aid during working-level officials' meetings on Wednesday. 
But the details have yet to be worked out for a joint statement, a South Korean official told Seoul's Yonhap news agency on condition of anonymity.
The South wants to use its food and fertiliser aid as leverage to press the North to honour a six-nation deal to scrap its nuclear programme, according to sources quoted by Yonhap.
Working groups Thursday were continuing negotiations on how to resume aid, family reunions and inter-Korean economic projects, according to pool reports from Seoul's domestic media.
At the first full session Wednesday Kwon Ho-ung, the North's top negotiator, proposed resuming humanitarian projects on a full scale immediately. 
He did not specify them but the comments were seen as a reference to food aid and the reunions, with the latter possibly conditional on the former.
The South suspended its annual shipments of 500,000 tons of rice and 350,000 tons of fertiliser after the North's missile tests last July. 
The North hit back by walking out of ministerial talks that month and halting the reunions.
The October nuclear test further strained ties.
The curent Seoul government is committed to engagement and reconcilation with its neighbour. 
But it is under domestic pressure not to give away too much without getting something in return.
Seoul may offer to ship some fertiliser shortly after these talks, in time for the spring rice planting, said sources quoted by Yonhap. 
But they said it would try to link additional aid to progress in nuclear disarmament.
It was unclear if the North would accept any linkage to disarmament. 
Negotiator Kwon Wednesday rejected criticism by Seoul's Unification Minister Lee Jae-Joung of the missile tests, saying they were part of a sovereign nation's legitimate right to self-defence.
A senior unification ministry official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that unlike previous ministerial talks, these involve the dual tracks of inter-Korean relations and the six-party talks, so difficult negotiations are ahead.
The North agreed at the six-nation talks in Beijing last month to disable its nuclear programme in exchange for economic aid and diplomatic benefits.
It has taken some first steps, inviting the head of the UN atomic agency to visit and sending its own chief nuclear negotiator to the United States for talks.
But analysts have warned that unconditional aid from South Korea could reduce the North's incentive to honour the Beijing accord.
South Korea's five chief negotiators were due Thursday afternoon to pay a courtesy call on Kim Yong-Nam, the North's ceremonial head of state, officials said.
As a goodwill gesture the hosts laid on a birthday breakfast for chief negotiator Lee, who turned 63 on Thursday.
US troops in Iraq have six months to create order or will face a Vietnam-style collapse forcing it into a hasty retreat, British newspapers reported Thursday.
They were quoting a report allegedly compiled by top advisers working for General David Petraeus, the US commander in Baghdad.
According to the reports, the so-called Baghdad brains trust, a group of officers and counter-insurgency experts hand-picked by Petraeus, has warned that the situation in Iraq was deteriorating and that US troops could face the prospect of a humiliating withdrawal.
The team was said to be aware that the US probably had no longer than six months to restore order in Iraq, otherwise Washington would implement Plan B2 a hasty pullout leaving the divided country to its fate, The Times said.
They know they are operating under a clock. They know the next six-month period is their opportunity. And they say it's getting harder every day, the Guardian quoted a former senior administration official as saying.
The group is said to have advised Petraeus that events on the ground conspired against the mission, citing obstacles such as insufficient troops, wavering coalition partners and a deterioration of troop morale.
The experts predicted an upsurge of violence in southern Iraq as British troops withdraw, and anticipated a weakening of political will in Washington and Baghdad to back the troops.
Three weeks after the launch of the new US strategy in Iraq, Pentagon officials were cautious Thursday saying early signs were good, but that it was too soon to make concrete conclusions.
I would say, just looking at the reports from the people on the ground ... I think their assessment would be, 'It's too early to draw any conclusions,' because this is still in the early stages, Pentagon number two Gordon England said.
But the deputy defense secretary acknowleged at a Senate committee hearing on the 2008 budget that there had been reports of fewer sectarian killings in the country.
Admiral Edmund Giambastiani, the deputy chief-of-staff, stressed that the US administration was not prepared to make definite conclusions on just a week or two of statistics to indicate an overall trend.
However, we do see sectarian killings are down right now. 
And that's substantial. 
And we hope that that trend continues. 
But it's not really a trend yet, he told the committee.
Giambastiani said he had talked to Lieutenant General David Petraeus the commander of US forces in Iraq on Wednesday and he relayed that the sectarian killings are down.
One other potential bright spot -- potential, I mention -- is that the sectarian migration from Baghdad, for example, and throughout the country, is also down.
The US Army announced on February 7 that the US-Iraq security plan unveiled in January by President George W. Bush was being fully implemented, although this has yet to be confirmed by the Iraqi government.
Under the plan, Bush, the commander-in-chief of US forces, is deploying some 21,500 extra US combat troops to Iraq to quell the violence in Baghdad and Anbar province.
Pakistani militants beheaded a man accused of spying for US forces in a tribal area bordering Afghanistan, officials said Tuesday.
The headless body of a man was found late Monday in a sack on a roadside in Jandola, a town bordering the troubled South Waziristan tribal region, a security official told AFP.
The severed head was placed near the sack and a note near his body read US spy and Rawalpindi, he said. 
Rawalpindi is a garrison city near the capital, Islamabad, where army headquarters are situated.
Local residents failed to identify the man -- who appeared to be in his mid-40s -- after which the body was buried, the security official said.
In the same area last month, militants decapitated an Afghan cleric accused of spying for US forces and making recordings of anti-Taliban speeches.
Militants have killed several pro-government tribal elders and other tribesmen in recent months.
Separately, two mortar shells fired by suspected militants exploded near a residential compound for military officers and their families in neighbouring North Waziristan's main town, Miranshah, another security official said.
There were no casualties in the attack early Tuesday, he added.
Pakistan signed peace deals with insurgents in South Waziristan in 2005 and North Waziristan in 2006, prompting concerns from NATO, US and Afghan officials. 
One of the conditions was an end to targeted killings by the militants.
An armed member of the Hamas-led auxiliary force was shot dead and two others wounded Tuesday night in clashes in the Zeitoun neighbourhood in Gaza City, witnesses reported.
Joma'a Saqqa, chief of public relations at Shiffa Hospital, said that 26-year-old Alla al-Haddad was killed and two other members of the Hamas force were wounded. 
The two wounded men were in moderate and serious conditions.
Palestinian eyewitnesses said unidentified gunmen opened fire at a patrol belonging to the auxiliary force of the Hamas-led Interior Ministry.
Witnesses added that intensive armed clashes erupted between the force and one of the neighbourhood clans after news of the initial attack spread.
The death of the auxiliary force member came shortly before Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Prime Minister designate Ismail Haniya held a meeting in Gaza to agree on forming a national unity government.
Haniya and Abbas are trying to implement an agreement that both Abbas's Fatah and the Islamist Hamas had reached in Mecca in Saudi Arabia on February 8, in which they agreed to end inter-fighting and form a coalition.
A member of the Hamas-controlled Executive Force was shot dead in Gaza City on Tuesday and four other Palestinians wounded when unknown gunmen opened fire on them, a medic and witnesses said.
The five, none of whose names were given, were was shot in the street in  the Zeitoun neighborhood, and their assailants then fled.
The shooting came as Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas's prime minister-designate, Ismail Haniya, were to meet in Gaza City on Tuesday night to continue discussions on forming a national unity government, and underscored the simmering tensions in the Palestinian territories.
On Sunday, a Palestinian militant was killed in a gunfight between rival factions in the Gaza Strip. 
That was the first deadly incident, apart from a feud between Gaza clans, since the two sides signed a ceasefire and power-sharing agreement in Saudi Arabia a month ago.
Six Russians, including three brothers, have been jailed for up to 11-1/2 years for the racially motivated killing of an Armenian, a Supreme Court spokesman said on Tuesday.
An appeal had slightly reduced some of their sentences.
Investigators found a notebook with drawings of swastikas and calls for violence against non-Slavs at the home of the brothers who together with their friends attacked the dark-skinned Armenian on a train in the Moscow region in 2005.
The Supreme Court has examined an appeal by the defence, Pavel Odintsov said.
A document detailing the Supreme Court's conclusions said the Russians had filmed their attack. 
The Kommersant daily reported on Tuesday the video had been posted on the Internet.
One of the Russians shouted: There's a black one, let's go rub him out! before the gang went on to kick and beat the Armenian over the head and body, also using glass bottles and a metal chain with a knot on the end, the document said.
Then one of the brothers followed a call by his friend to finish him off and killed the Armenian by stabbing him in the neck and stomach with a glass shard.
Attacks on dark-skinned foreigners in Russia have increased in recent years as part of a general rise in xenophobia after the collapse of communism.
President Vladimir Putin has described the trend as a threat to national security and urged courts and law enforcement agencies to step up their struggle against racism.
China wants to believe assurances from Japan and Australia that their new bilateral security cooperation framework is not targeted at the country, aForeign Ministry spokesman said Tuesday.
We hope what they are saying is true, Qin Gang told a regular press conference.
Qin repeated China's position that Beijing does not pose a military threat to others.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Australian Prime Minister John Howard signed in Tokyo on Tuesday a joint declaration on security cooperation.
With the signing of the agreement, Australia became the second country with which Japan has a security cooperation framework. 
The only other country is the United States, Tokyo's closest ally.
Twenty five penguins have died from a mystery illness at an Australian marine theme park popular with tourists, authorities said on Wednesday.
The penguins fell ill last Thursday at Seaworld in tropical Queensland state and were all dead by the weekend, prompting government officials to launch an inquiry into the deaths.
Queensland primary industry officials said fears that the penguins may have died from an exotic disease or avian bird flu had been ruled out.
At this stage, it does not appear to be an infectious cause going on. 
So we don't believe there is a problem in terms of threat to other animals or the public, said Ron Glanville, Queensland department of primary industry chief veterinarian.
12 remaining sick penguins have been isolated so thattests can be carried out. 
The Secretary General of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC) Prof. Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu has met with Ambassador Ibrahim A. Gambari, the UN Under Secretary General and Special Envoy of the UN Secretary General,  at the OIC headquarters here. 
Senior OIC officials were also present on the occasion. 
Their talks figured mainly on various ways and means to strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation between the two organizations. 
They reviewed the existing level of cooperation between the UN and the OIC and deliberated upon a number of issues of common interest, notably the Middle East, Palestine, Iraq, Darfur, Somalia, Combating terrorism, dialogue among civilizations, the reform of the OIC and creating synergy of efforts between the UN Millennium Development Goals and the OIC?s Ten Year Program of Action. 
The two sides agreed upon the need to further deepen the existing relations between the two organizations. 
Ambassador Gambari committed to comprehensively brief the UN Secretary General on the outcome of his discussions with the OIC and to arrange a bilateral meeting between the two secretaries general on the sidelines of the forthcoming Arab League Summit in Riyadh later this month. 
The Sheikh of Azhar Dr. Muhammad Sayyid Tantawi received this morning President of Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev at his office here. 
During the meeting, they discussed issues of mutual concern. Later, speaking to IINA correspondent, Nazarbayev said that there was an agreement with the Sheikh of Azhar to renovate Al Daher Mosque in Cairo. 
The renovation work will be carried out at the personal expense of Nazarbayev. 
During their meeting, an agreement was signed for enhancing cooperation in the fields of education and scientific research.
Nazarbayev, who arrived here yesterday, held talks with president Hosni Mubarak, and other Egyptian leaders. 
Their talks featured several bilateral and international issues. 
An agreement for exporting 14 million tons of wheat from Kazakhstan at reasonable rates was also signed on the occasion. 
Nazarbayev arrived in Cairo after concluding visit to Qatar. 
In Doha, President Nazarbayev met with Qatar Emir Sheikh Hamad Al Thani. 
Anti-narcotics police in southern Afghanistan seized hundreds of kilograms of opium and heroin along with notebooks with guidelines for suicide bombers, the interior ministry said Wednesday.
The drugs were seized in the southern province of Helmand, Afghanistan's main drug trafficking and producing area, it said in a statement.
The haul included more than 300 kilograms (660 pounds) of opium and the same amount of ammonium chloride both raw ingredients for heroin.
There were also 18 kilograms of heroin and notebooks containing guidelines for suicide bombers.
Taliban insurgents have vowed to up step up suicide attacks this year after nearly 140 last year killed around 200 civilians and dozens of Afghan and foreign police and soldiers.
Six civilians were killed in a suicide attack on Wednesday in the eastern city of Khost. 
The attack came a day after three suicide blasts in the south killed four people and wounded about a dozen.
Experts say illicit drugs are funding the insurgency run mainly by Taliban loyalists.
Afghanistan produces 92 percent of the world's opium, according to the UN Office on Drugs and Crime. 
Most of it is smuggled across the underpoliced borders with Pakistan and Iran from where it is believed to be taken to Europe.
The government and its allies have stepped up measures against the country's drugs trade, worth three billion dollars annually. 
The efforts includes eradication of poppy fields.
Protests were held across Egypt on Sunday against a set of constitutional amendments which critics say will strip Egyptians of civil liberties.
Authorities detained five activists after scuffles broke out in central Cairo when police tried to prevent a few dozen demonstrators from gathering in a downtown square, a security source told AFP.
Photographers had their cameras confiscated by security forces.
Opposition members have been eager to rally support for a boycott of the referendum being held on Monday over changes to 34 articles of the constitution, touted by the regime as a boost for democracy but which critics say will expand the power of the president.
About 300 people demonstrated outside the lawyers' syndicate in the north Sinai town of El-Arish, carrying banners and shouting slogans against the proposed amendments.
About 400 people gathered in Fayoum, south of Cairo, to protest against the changes, chanting down with the amendments, while 500 gathered in the Nile Delta governorate of Menufiya.
Dozens also protested outside the main courthouse in the Suez Canal city of Ismailiya carrying banners branding the amendments a violation of personal rights.
Large contingents of police were deployed around the protests.
The protest group Kefaya (Arabic for Enough) was also planning to hold demonstrations in the second city of Alexandria on Monday.
Parliament, which is dominated by the ruling National Democratic Party, overwhelmingly passed amendments to 34 articles of the constitution that they say will strengthen democracy and fight terrorism.
A united opposition front argues that the changes will only strengthen the regime's grip on power and has called on supporters to boycott the referendum.
Tamil Tiger rebels bombed Sri Lanka's main military airbase located next to the international airport Monday, leaving at least two airmen dead and 17 wounded, officials said.
The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) used their aircraft for the first time in a combat mission to bomb the Katunayake military base, Tiger spokesman Rasiah Ilanthiriyan told AFP.
This mission was undertaken to reduce the air capability of the Sri Lankan airforce, Ilanthiriyan said. 
We will undertake similar missions to prevent the airforce bombing civilians.
Sri Lanka's military admitted that the Tigers had used their aircraft for the first time and bombed the airbase, where two people were killed and another 17 wounded. 
Two parked helicopters were also damaged.
One of the LTTE aircraft had flown over the airbase and dropped some explosive items, airforce spokesman Ajantha Silva said.
Adding that damage to the military facility was minor.
He said air defence systems were activated following the initial explosion.
Our air defence system was activated and a search operation is now under way, Silva told AFP.
He said the Bandaranaike international airport, which shares a boundary with the airbase, was not affected by the pre-dawn attack. 
However, the airport was shut as a precautionary measure.
Sri Lanka's foreign ministry spokesman Ravinatha Aryasinha said the airport was not affected by the bombing and it would soon reopen.
There is no damage to the international airport or the runway, Aryasinha said. 
Flights were suspended only as a precautionary measure. 
The airport will reopen soon.
At least four explosions were heard from the Katunayake airbase, local residents said.
Passengers aboard flights ready to take off from the international airport were asked to disembark as the airport was shut and supersonic military jets took off to search for enemy planes, officials said.
Roads leading to the airport were closed and people trying to catch flights out of the country were turned back by police, residents said. 
Telephone lines to the airport were also jammed.
Motorists and residents said they heard gunfire and several blasts near the international airport, about 35 kilometres (21 miles) north of here, sparking fears of a repeat of the July 2001 attack.
Tamil Tiger rebels entered the airbase on July 24, 2001 and destroyed more than a dozen military aircraft and then attacked six civilian aircraft parked at the civilian airport before detonating explosives strapped to their bodies.
About 20 people were killed in that attack but passengers at the international airport were not affected.
Sri Lanka's airport has remained on alert for a repeat of the 2001 attack, with severe restrictions on the number of people allowed into the terminal buildings.
Huge walls were also built around the terminals and the control towers to prevent impact from car bomb attacks, while a large number of sentries were placed along the approach roads to the facility.
An aftershock with a preliminary magnitude of 5.3 jolted the west coast of central Japan on Monday morning, one day after a strong quake killed one person and injured nearly 200 in the same area, the Meteorological Agency said.
Sunday's 6.9 magnitude quake, which struck at 09:42 a.m. (00:42GMT), demolished houses, buckled roads, triggered landslides and cut off water supplies to thousands of homes.
About 2,600 people spent the night in shelters after 58 houses were destroyed and 455 -- many wooden structures with heavy tile roofs -- were seriously damaged by Sunday's tremor, officials and media said.
Many other residents had spent the night in their cars, as aftershocks continued to jolt the area, broadcaster NHK said.
The 5.3 aftershock struck at 7:16 a.m. on Monday (2216 GMT Sunday), and officials warned that more could be in store.
No tsunami warning was issued.
The focus of Sunday's quake -- which was also felt in Tokyo -- was 11 km (7 miles) below the seabed off the Noto peninsula in Ishikawa prefecture, about 300 km (190 miles) west of Tokyo.
Iranian president said Sunday evening that Iran will definitely continue its peaceful and legal nuclear activities regardless of a UN Security Council resolution issued Saturday in this regard.
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said the adoption of this resolution is a fresh act along other spiteful and vicious movements of certain powers since the victory of the great Islamic revolution.
Speaking at the first session of the cabinet in the new Iranian year, the president remarked that the recent illegal resolution is nothing new to the Iranian people.
He added that some powers who have made up certain mechanisms like the Security Council after the second World War, are trying to consolidate their dominance worldwide and are against the prosperity and independence of the Iranian nation.
He also said that the enemies have once again perpetrated a mistake about the great Iranian nation who are united and determined in pursuing their lofty aspirations.
Referring to the resolution, Ahmadinejad said such acts would only bring international bodies into disrepute and removes the nations trust in them.
The coordination of efforts between Moscow and Beijing on the world arena in order to solve topical regional issues, first of all the North Korean nuclear problem, will be discussed during the negotiations between Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Chinese counterpart Hu Jintao here on Monday.
Among issues of the international agenda of the summit is the coordination of the efforts aimed at peaceful and steady development of the situation in the regions geographically close to our countries, primarily in order to attain positive results during the six-party talks on the North Korean nuclear problem and the fulfillment of the joint statement issued on September 19, 2005, a representative of the Russian presidential administration told Itar-Tass.
The settlement of the situation around Iran, cooperation within the framework of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, and issues on the UN agenda will be discussed, he added. 
Russia and China are interested in the UN strengthening and raising its effectiveness as the major international mechanism of collective counteraction to many challenges in the modern world, the Kremlin representative pointed out.
The upcoming meeting between Putin and Hu Jintao will be the first for the leaders of the countries this year. 
They met six times in various formats in 2006.
A Palestinian woman was caught trying to smuggle three crocodiles from Egypt into the Gaza Strip via Rafah Border Crossing, it was revealed Sunday.
Maria Telleria, spokeswoman for EU BAM, which monitors the border as part of an agreement between the Palestinian Authority and Israel, said that the smuggler tried to cross Thursday into Gaza with the three crocodiles taped to her upper body.
A Palestinian guard noticed the woman was oddly obese and became suspicious. 
He notified the monitors, and the reptiles were discovered on further inspection.
The crocodiles measured 40 to 50 centimetres in length. 
They were returned to Egypt, and the woman was questioned by Palestinian security officials.
She related that she wanted to sell the reptiles to a local zoo.
Belarusian officials have offered Venezuela an arms package for anti-aircraft and high-tech weapons designed to defeat US military technologies, the Belapan news agency reported Monday.
The report came less than a week after Belarus' government announced it would supply Caracas a substantial number of night vision devices, described by Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in number as enough for every rifle in the Venezuelan army.
The proposed sale calls for the delivery of an unspecified number of anti-aircraft missiles to Venezuela, claimed by Belarus to be capable of intercepting and destroying advanced aircraft.
The medium- and short-range missiles are modernised Soviet-era missile systems, and called by the Belarusian army Pechora-2T and Osa-1T, respectively. 
The size and value of the delivery was still under negotiation.
The Belarusian arms firm Teteraedr, manufacturer of the Pechora and Osa missiles, also will offer Venezuela the newly-developed TRK missile system, which is capable of intercepting not only high-tech aircraft, but smart munitions dropped by them, a company official said.
Belarusian arms manufacturers are keen to expand make Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez one of their top customers.
Chavez, an outspoken opponent of US foreign policy, has embarked on an international arms-buying spree, financed by income from Venezuelan oil exports.
The US last May banned arms sales to Venezuela, traditionally a buyer of American military equipment. 
Since then Chavez has looked to China and former Soviet republics for new weaponry.
Belarusian President Aleksander Lukashenko like Chavez is a target for US isolation efforts, in Lukashenko's case because of Belarus' authoritarian government.
Jordan's King Abdullah II and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas Monday urged the upcoming Arab summit conference in Riyadh to adopt practical attitudes that help to push forward the Arab-Israeli peace process, a royal court statement said.
The two leaders met to appraise the outcome of the separate meetings they held earlier in the day in Amman with the US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
Abdullah and Abbas expressed hope that the Arab summit will adopt practical stances that will be instrumental in addressing all challenges facing the Arab nation at this difficult and critical juncture, including the Palestinian question, the statement said.
The meeting came in the course of continuous consultations between the two leaders ahead of the Arab summit due to be held on Wednesday in Riyadh, where the Arab peace initiative will figure prominently, it added.
Arab leaders want the Arab blueprint to serve as a catalyst for reinvigorating the peace negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians.
Against widely perceived sentiments in the Arab world that Washington will BE pressing for introducing changes to the peace plan, Rice said she was not asking for it to be amdnded, but indicated the Arab summit should develop a mechanism for its re-launching.
King Abdullah considered the closing of Palestinian ranks as the channel for realizing the aspirations of the Palestinian people and convincing the world that an efficient Palestinian peace partner does virtually exist, the statement said.
Israeli and Palestinian leaders have agreed to hold biweekly meetings that will begin to discuss steps that could lead to formation of a Palestinian state, U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said on Tuesday.
She appealed to Arab states to reach out to the Jewish state.
Rice said talks between Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert would focus on security issues but also begin to discuss the development of a political horizon consistent with the establishment of a Palestinian state in accordance with the 'road map'.
She said the United States would help Abbas and Olmert overcome obstacles and develop new ideas, although she offered no details.
Rice said she would meet periodically with Olmert and Abbas sometimes separately, sometimes together, in whatever form will be most effective to accelerate progress.
We are not yet at final status negotiations. 
These are initial discussions to build confidence between parties, Rice said.
Suicide is the top killer of young Chinese, accounting for more than a quarter of deaths in the 15 to 34-year-old age group last year, the official China Daily said on Tuesday.
The stress of living in a highly competitive and fast changing society is taking a rising toll on the country's young, many of them only children both pampered and pressured by parents and grandparents.
Statistics from the Chinese Association of Mental Health showed suicide was the leading killer of young people in 2006, causing 26 percent of deaths. 
The association did not give a total number of deaths.
In 2003, the last year for which figures are available, over a quarter of a million people committed suicide in China and another two million attempted suicide, the paper said.
In comparison the United States had 31,500 suicides in the same year -- a far lower rate, even taking into account the country's smaller population, the paper added.
Many of the deaths in China are among teenagers, with a survey of more than 140,000 high school students finding that around 20 percent said they had considered suicide and 6.5 percent said they had made concrete plans to kill themselves.
Since 2002 the proportion of teenagers considering each of the three steps towards suicide considering it, making a plan and taking action had all risen, the report by the Child and Teenage Health Research Institute at Peking University found.
Around half the children said they had felt lonely in theprevious year and 40 percent had recurrent sleeping problems.
The problems were due in part to a cultural unwillingness to discuss feelings, relationship difficulties and the lack of channels for exploring self-identity, researchers found.
Asked to picture their ideal world, they drew themselves without uniforms or regulated hairstyles, free from parents' and teachers' controls, the paper added.
More doubt has been cast over East Timor's presidential poll after a UN-appointed team said Saturday it could not verify the integrity of the nation's electoral process, two days ahead of the vote.
The team, set up in East Timor by the United Nations last year, could not certify the process against tests to ensure the vote is free and transparent, said Vincent da Cruz, its special assistant.
Yes, that is correct, da Cruz told AFP, when asked if the poll had yet to be certified.
Half the eight candidates standing for election said Friday they feared many attempts had been made to manipulate the election process and that there had been violence, intimidation and threats.
Monday's presidential election will be East Timor's first since independence in 2002, following a bloody separation from Indonesia.
At least 32 people have been injured in election-linked unrest that led Police to fire warning shots, the UN said.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon on Saturday called on all parties to make the election free and fair.
I hope the elections will be free, fair, transparent and credible. 
I hope they will be unmarred by violence and intimidation, and I hope they will lead to results accepted by all, Ban said in a message broadcast on local radio.
Violence has pulsed through East Timor, one of the world's newest and poorest countries, since it chose self-determination in a UN-administered referendum in 1999.
At least 37 people were killed and 150,000 displaced in unrest last year that led to the dispatch of Australian-led international peacekeepers.
Iran has arrested a man on suspicion of leaking secrets of the country's disputed nuclear activities to an exiled Iranian opposition group, state radio said on Tuesday.
The man had handed over classified information, including a bulletin on nuclear activities, to the hypocrites (People's Mujahideen) state radio said, without giving a source.
The People's Mujahideen, labelled a terrorist group in the European Union and the United States, was the first body to expose Iran's covert nuclear programme in 2002.
A leading hardline MP confirmed the arrest.
The man has been working in parliament's research centre since 2001, Ahmad Tavakoli told the semi-official Fars news agency.
He was gathering and giving information to the terrorist group, he said, adding that the man would be put on trial soon.
Judiciary officials were not immediately available for comment.
Iranian analysts say the People's Mujahideen lacks support in Iran where few can forgive its siding with Saddam Hussein in the 1980-88 Iran-Iraq war.
The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously on Dec. 23 to impose sanctions on Iran's trade in sensitive nuclear materials and technology in an attempt to stop uranium enrichment work that could produce material that could be used in bombs.
Tehran says it is determined to continue its nuclear work, which it says is meant only for producing electricity.
The West suspects Iran's atomic work is part of a veiled nuclear arms programme.
Jordanian security forces killed a suspected member of the al-Qaeda terrorist network and captured another Tuesday in a shootout in the northern city of Irbid, 80 kilometres north of the capital Amman, a government spokesman said.
A group belonging to the General Intelligence Department (GID), backed by a force from the Public Security Directorate (PSD), killed an al-Qaeda member and arrested another during a shootout at a house in Irbid, an authoritative security source was quoted as saying by the official Petra news agency.
The official identified the slain al-Qaeda member as Suleiman al-Anjadi and the captured member as Ramadan al-Mansi. 
Both men carried Jordanian passports.
A number of security men were lightly wounded in the operation, the unidentified official said.
The joint GID and PSD force stormed the house after receiving information about plans by al-Qaeda to carry out attacks inside Jordan, he added.
Over the past few years, Jordan has been the scene of several acts of terrorism and terrorist attempts.
In November 2005, three Iraqi suicide bombers blew themselves up at three Amman hotels, killing 60 people and wounding more than 90.
Responsibility for the bombings was claimed by al-Qaeda branch in Iraq led by the Jordanian fugitive Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, who was killed in June 2006 in a US airstrike inside Iraq.
Pakistan and India will review the progress made during the third round of their composite dialogue and discuss bilateral relations and the future course of the peace process during the forthcoming visit of Indian Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee. 
Foreign Office spokesperson Tasneem Aslam told a media briefing here yesterday that Pranab Mukherjee during his visit to Islamabad this week would extend a formal invitation to the Pakistani leadership for the 14th SAARC summit, scheduled to be held in New Delhi in April. 
Mukherjee will also hold talks with Foreign Minister Khurshid Mahmood Kasuri to discuss the progress made so far in the composite dialogue launch in January 2004, besides planning for the forth round of talks, she said. 
The two countries are likely to sign several agreements including one on visa relaxation to facilitate people-to-people contacts. 
About the proposed visit of Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to Pakistan, the spokesperson said the date had not yet been finalized. 
Ms Aslam, when asked who will represent Pakistan at the SAARC Summit, said no decision had been made as yet.
To a question whether India had shown some flexibility over the Kashmir dispute, the spokesperson said the Indian prime minister in his recent statements had welcomed various ideas floated by President Pervez Musharraf for movement towards a resolution of the core issue.
More than 120,000 obese Americans had some kind of surgery to help them lose weight in 2004, with the biggest increase among middle-aged people, according to a study released on Wednesday.
In 1998, 772 people aged 55 to 64 had gastric bypass, stapling or some similar procedure known as bariatric surgery to help weight loss. 
But that number ballooned to 15,086 in 2004, according to the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality.
Among the reasons for the extremely dramatic increases is that the mortality outcomes from obesity surgery have improved greatly, the agency said in a statement. 
The national death rate for patients hospitalized for bariatric surgery declined 78 percent, from 0.9 percent in 1998 to 0.2 percent in 2004.
Agency director Dr. Carolyn Clancy said the report shows more Americans are turning to obesity surgery and that an increasing number of younger people are undergoing these procedures.
More than 103,000 of the 2004 operations were on patients aged 18 to 54, the study found, and 349 were performed on youngsters aged 12 to 17.
As the rate of obesity continues to climb, the health care system needs to be prepared for continued escalation in the rate of this surgery and its potential complications, she said.
The average hospital cost for an obesity surgery patient stay, excluding physician fees, was $10,395 in 2004 as compared with $10,970 in 1998, adjusted for inflation, according to the report, published online.
Insurgents killed three US soldiers in war-torn Iraq, raising the military's losses to 47 since the start of January, the military reported Monday.
A soldier was killed when a roadside bomb exploded near his vehicle in northern Nineveh province Monday, a US military statement said.
An earlier statement said two marines had died on Sunday from wounds sustained in enemy action while operating in the western Anbar province.
Saturday was one of the deadliest days since the March 2003 invasion, with 25 US service members killed across the war-torn country.
The latest fatalities brought US losses since the invasion to 3,053, according to an AFP count based on Pentagon figures.
Interpol opened Tuesday a three-day Asian Regional Conference in Tokyo, the sixth of its kind and the first to be hosted by Japan.
The conference, organized by Japan's National Police Agency and the International Criminal Police Organization's General Secretariat, have 35 regional coordinators and liaison officers from 22 countries and regions in Asia, including China, South Korea, India and Thailand, which are all part of the 186-member organization.
During the conference, the participants will discuss increasing cases of cross-border crimes, including escapes by native or foreign suspects into other countries, and the use of fake credit cards.
The NPA said a total of 819 crime suspects left Japan at the end of 2005. 
By nationalities, Chinese topped the list at 281, followed by Japanese at 168, and Brazilian at 86.
Last Thursday, a Japanese-Brazilian who fled to Brazil after allegedly causing a fatal hit-and-run accident in Shizuoka Prefecture was indicted by Brazilian prosecutors at the request of the Japanese government.
Headquartered in the French city of Lyon, Interpol is the world's largest international police organization. Created in 1923, it facilitates cross-border police cooperation and offers support for all organizations, authorities and services for combating international crimes.   
Hundreds of protesters blocked off several roads in and around Lebanon's capital Beirut on Tuesday at the start of a general strike called by the opposition, witnesses said.
They said protesters burned tyres and placed rocks and other barricades in several streets in central Beirut, its mainly Shi'ite southern suburb and the southern entrances of the capital.
As Japan and China step up ties with a likely address by Chinese Premier Wen to Japanese legislators, civil exchanges will also grow as visa application processes improve, state press said Tuesday.
China and Japan have agreed to exchange visits of more than 20,000 people to mark the 35th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties this year, the China Daily reported.
Japanese ruling Liberal Democratic Party official Toshihiro Nikai, an envoy of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, and the director of the China National Tourism Administration, Shao Qiwei, reached the agreement, it said.
The government-sponsored visits will be separate from tourist and business travel that are already booming, it said.
In an effort to ease visa application requirements, Japan will also increase from four to six the number of Chinese cities where visas to Japan can be obtained, it said.
During talks Monday with State Councillor Tang Jiaxuan, Nikai also discussed the possibility of Wen addressing the Japanese parliament when he visits Japan in the coming months, the paper said.
Peng Zhen, the former head of China's parliament, was the last Chinese leader to address Japan's parliament in 1985.
According to the Nikkei newspaper in Tokyo, Japan and China are also planning to increase military exchanges with reciprocal port visits by naval vessels.
Relations between Japan and China were badly strained under former prime minister Junichiro Koizumi who repeatedly visited a controversial shrine to Japanese war dead.
But ties improved after Abe succeeded Koizumi last year. 
He visited Beijing in October, his first overseas visit after taking over as prime minister.
Still the two nations are entangled in a wide range of disputes, including those related to Japan's military occupation of China that ended in 1945, rival claims to rich gas reserves and other territorial disputes.
Just a modest amount of mental stimulation can go a long way toward warding off Alzheimer's disease, according to researchers who created mice genetically modified to get a condition similar to it. 
Researchers at the University of California-Irvine studied hundreds of mice altered to make them develop abnormalities known as plaques and tangles in brain tissue that are considered hallmarks of Alzheimer's disease in people. 
Writing on Tuesday in the Journal of Neuroscience, they said periodic learning sessions swimming in a tub of water until finding a submerged platform to stand on slowed the development in the mice of those two abnormalities. 
The remarkable thing was that just by learning infrequently, they still had a very dramatic effect on the Alzheimer's disease pathology, said Kim Green, one of the researchers. 
So it suggests that in humans, if you learn more and more and more, it's going to have a huge, beneficial effect, Green added. 
The findings highlight an idea that also has emerged in other research -- that exercising one's mind is important to staving off Alzheimer's disease, the degenerative brain malady that is the most common form of dementia among the elderly. 
Green noted that other studies have found that more highly educated people are less likely to develop Alzheimer's than people with less education. 
There is no known cure for Alzheimer's, which gradually destroys a person's memory and ability to learn, reason, make judgments, communicate and carry out daily activities. 
What we have shown is that by learning, by stimulating your mind, you're able to protect against the development of the pathologies associated with the disease, Green said. 
Crossword puzzles, reading books, learning a new language -- anything you can do to stimulate the brain is going to be beneficial, we think, Green added. 
Green said the mice were given a very mild learning experience essentially figuring out a maze but in the water for a week at a time every three months. 
The sessions were four times daily for a week at 2, 6, 9, 12, 15 and 18 months of age. 
The mice that performed the task experienced slower development of the protein beta amyloid clumping in the brain and forming plaques, gooey buildup that accumulates outside nerve cells, the study found. 
Guinea's embattled leaders resumed crisis talks with the labour movement, in the absence of ailing President Lansana Conte, a day after a bloody repression of anti-Conte protests. 
Conte had been expected at scheduled emergency talks with labour leaders behind a crippling strike aimed at removing him from office, but a union official said the president instead sent his wife Henriette to ask the unions to return to negotiations. 
We were to have seen the presidential couple, but it is just the first lady who received us. 
We don't know why, said Ousmane Souare, of the Syndicated Union of Workers of Guinea (USGT), one of the two labour confederations behind the protests. 
The talks, which other union officials earlier announced were underway with the ailing president, came after thousands of people rallied against Conte in peaceful marches throughout the country a day after 34 protesters were shot dead by security forces. 
A strike called by the unions has paralysed the world's top bauxite exporter since January 10. 
Security forces in Conakry were on high alert Tuesday to prevent protesters from volatile suburbs reaching the heart of the capital, after Monday's crackdown by riot police and soldiers on protestors armed with no more than stones. 
Which took the death toll in two weeks to 44. 
Authorities threw a tight security cordon around the presidential palace and a military base where 72-year-old Conte, who first came to power in a bloodless 1984 coup, was in residence. 
A medical official at Conakry's main hospital of Donka, said four people died during the day Tuesday from gunshot wounds received Monday. 
The strike protest, backed by 14 opposition parties, began over endemic corruption and interference in the judiciary by Conte after he freed two associates facing trial for embezzlement. 
After meeting Conte near the outset of the protest, strike leaders demanded that the head of state be constitutionally removed by the Supreme Court on the grounds that he is too unwell to continue in office. 
Conte suffers from chronic diabetes. 
Conte, who is rarely seen in public and was twice hospitalised in Switzerland last year, has so far dismissed the demands and called on the military to back his government. 
On Tuesday the international community again condemned the violence in this west African country of 10 million people. 
African Union commission chief Alpha Oumar Konare condemns the repression of demonstrations that led to the deaths of several people.
Konare urged all parties to hold talks and to thoroughly investigate the violence that has marked two weeks of political confrontation. 
Former colonial ruler France condemned the use of violence, expressing deep concern at the rising numbers of victims.
A continental rights group based in Dakar, the African Assembly for the Defence of Human Rights (Raddho), appealed for an urgent international intervention to prevent a massacre in Guinea. 
The United Nations special envoy to west Africa, Ahmedou Ould Abdallah, on Tuesday left Dakar for Conakry to see the situation on the ground, a UN source said. 
Union leaders behind the strike were on Monday briefly detained by troops allegedly led by Conte's son Captain Ousmane. 
He has denied any involvement in the arrests. 
Authorities at Donka Hospital, one of the country's largest, said most of the victims of the deadly attacks were from the capital Conakry. 
On Tuesday people were sifting through bodies in blood-soaked clothes in search of missing relatives at a city mortuary. 
Iraq is planning to invite foreign ministers from neighbouring countries to a meeting in Baghdad as part of efforts to improve relations with them, the Iraqi foreign minister said on Tuesday. 
It will be a turning point in how our neigbours view Iraq, Hoshiyar Zebari told reporters after a meeting with his Italian counterpart Massimo D'Alema in Rome. 
He gave no other details on the proposed meeting, except to say he hoped that everyone invited would show up. 
Fears that an Iraqi civil war would draw in neighbours on opposing sides, notably Iran behind its fellow Shi'ites and the Arab states behind Iraq's Sunni minority have increased pressure on the neighbouring countries to support a political solution in Iraq. 
Trying to persuade a sceptical Congress to support sending more troops to Iraq, US President George W Bush warned Tuesday that if the United States fails, sectarian violence could spill over into an epic battle between Sunnis and Shiites in a wider regional conflict.
Bush has begun deploying the first of 21,500 more troops to Iraq as part of his revised strategy announced two weeks ago, but the Democratic controlled Congress and some members of Bush's Republican Party steadfastly oppose the plan.
If American forces step back before Baghdad is secure, the Iraqi government would be overrun by extremists on all sides, Bush said.
We could expect an epic battle between Shia extremists backed by Iran, and Sunni extremists aided by al-Qaeda and supporters of the old regime.
A contagion of violence could spill out across the country and in time the entire region could be drawn into the conflict, he added in the State of the Union address. 
For America, this is a nightmare scenario.
Bush's speech before a joint session of Congress comes amidst thelowest job approval ratings of his president, mainly because of the unpopular war in Iraq. 
Bush said there was still time to reverse the violent trend in Iraq and prevail, but noted it requires the perseverance of the American people.
This is not the fight we entered in Iraq, but it is the fight weare in, Bush said. 
Every one of us wishes this war were over and won.
Let us find our resolve, and turn events toward victory, he said.
Democrats, who won control of Congress in November 7 electionsby campaigning on changing course in Iraq, want Bush to instead begin withdrawals of US troops and quickly rebuked expanding the US presence.
The president took us into this war recklessly, said Senator Jim Webb, who delivered the Democratic response to Bush's speech. 
We are now, as a nation, held hostage to the predictable and predicted disarray that has followed.
Confronting the sharp criticism his plan has faced, Bush said that after a review of his policy that the best solution was to send more troops into Iraq to improve security in Baghdad and go after Sunni insurgents and terrorists operating in al-Anbar province.
I chose this course of action because it provides the best chance of success, Bush said. 
Many in this chamber understand that America must not fail in Iraq - because you understand that the consequences of failure would be grievous and far reaching.
Bush urged Democrats and Republicans to work together and reminded members of both parties who are now critical of his policy in Iraq that some of them voted to authorize the use of force before the March 2003 invasion.
We went into this largely united in our assumptions, and in our convictions, Bush said. 
And whatever you voted for, you did not vote for failure. 
Our country is pursuing a new strategy in Iraq and I ask you to give it a chance to work.
Bush announced his plan on January 10. 
Touching on it again Tuesday, he said US support for the Iraqi government was not open ended and urged the Iraqis to take more steps to reduce sectarian bloodshed.
Bush has also warned Iran for supporting Shiite attacks againstSunnis and said during the speech that Shiite extremists backed by Iran were on the rise as terrorist threat and were as equally determined as their Sunni counterparts to create a Middle Eastgoverned by repressive regimes. 
The Shi'a and Sunni extremists are different faces of the sametotalitarian threat, Bush said in his annual State of the Union speech before the joint session of Congress. 
But whatever slogans they chant when they slaughter the innocent, they have the same wicked purposes.
During the war on terrorism, most of the focus has been on the Sunni oriented al-Qaeda network that carried out the September 11,2001, terrorist attacks, but Hezbollah's stronghold on Lebanon has prompted greater concerns about Shiite terrorism. 
In recent times, it has also become clear that we face anescalating danger from Shia extremists who are just as hostile to America, and are also determined to dominate the Middle East, Bush said.
Bush also blamed Iran, regarded by the US government as theworld's biggest state sponsor of terrorism, for backing Lebanon-based Hezbollah. 
Bush said Hezbollah was second only to al-Qaeda in the American lives it has taken.
Bush said the war on terrorism is a generational struggle and in a sign of determination to work with the newly empowered Democrats in Congress, the president proposed establishing a bipartisan advisory council to help deveop strategies for defeating terrorism.
We will show our enemies abroad that we are united in the goal of victory, Bush said.
The evil that inspired and rejoiced in 9/11 is still at work in the world, Bush said, referring to the September 11 attacks. 
And so long as that is the case, America is still a Nation at war.
Explosions in a Colombian coal mine killed at least 18 workers in the northeastern province of Norte de Santander on Saturday, and another 13 were trapped underground and feared dead, an official said on Sunday.
There were 31 men in the mine at the time of the explosions, Fernando Rosales, head of the province's civil defense corps, told Reuters.
Rescue and recovery attempts, complicated by deadly gases remaining in the mine shafts, resumed at daybreak on Sunday after being suspended the night before. 
The bodies of 18 miners were recovered from the La Peciosa mine near the town of Sardinata while 13 of their co-workers were unaccounted for.
It is impossible that those still in the mine are alive due to the high amount of poisonous gas in the mine shafts. 
It would be a miracle if they are alive, Carlos Garcia, head firefighter leading the rescue attempt, told Reuters.
Rescue workers face the danger of more explosions due to combustible gasses, local officials said.
La Preciosa produces coal for domestic consumption.
A similar accident occurred in the town of El Zulia, also in the mountainous province of Norte de Santander, when a coal mine explosion killed 15 people in 2001.
Norte de Santander is an area contested by left-wing rebels and far-right paramilitary militias fighting a decades-old guerrilla war. 
Both groups, branded terrorists by Washington, fight over control of cocaine smuggling routes from the province into neighboring Venezuela.
Yemen has granted political asylum to head of Somalia's Union of Islamic Courts, Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed, who is expected to leave Kenya for Yemen on Monday, Yemeni officials said Sunday.
The Yemeni government has granted Sheikh Sharif refugee status and residence permit, a senior Yemeni government official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, told Deutsche Presse-Agentur dpa.
He said Yemen regards Sharif as a moderate among the leaders of the Somali Islamic movement.
Yemeni officials believe that Sharif, whose movement controlled the Somali capital Mogadishu and most of central and southern parts of the Horn of Africa country for six months last year, could play a key role in reconciliation in the anarchic country torn apart by clan rivalries.
He is a moderate person and could help avert the resurgence of violence in Somalia, the Yemeni official said.
Sharif gave himself up to Kenyan authorities on the border with Somalia last month after his movement lost its grip on Mogadishu to Ethiopian-backed government troops in December.
Since the defeat of the Islamic Courts' forces, Yemen has granted refuge to several Somali Islamic leaders.
Somali Interim President Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed agreed last week to hold a reconciliation conference aimed at restoring political stability to his country.
If successful, the reconciliation process might draw the once-powerful Islamists into a power-sharing government.
Somali Prime Minister Ali Mohamed Gedi recently said he would speak with Sheikh Sharif.
A strong earthquake struck the eastern Caribbean on Sunday afternoon, according to the U.S. Geological Survey's National Earthquake Information Center.
The 6.1 magnitude earthquake occurred 74 miles (119 km) north-northwest of Montego Bay, Jamaica, and 98 miles (157 km) southwest of Manzanillo, Cuba, the U.S. agency said.
The quake was felt in Jamaica and in Cuba, on the southern coast of the eastern provinces of Granma and Santiago, but there were no reports of damage or injuries.
The attack was the first of its kind in Nepal where the monarch was traditionally regarded as an incarnation of Hindu god Vishnu but has become unpopular since King Gyanendra took power only to be forced down by weeks of violent protests last year.
The 59-year-old monarch was on his way to the Pashupatinath Temple in Kathmandu to pray on the occasion of Mahashivratri when crowds hurled stones at his motorcade as it neared the venue, they said.
The stones hit one car accompanying King Gyanendra's vehicle before the heavily-guarded convoy made it to the temple where the monarch worshipped on the annual grand night festival of Lord Shiva, the Hindu god of destruction.
The crowd also shouted Gyanendra thief, leave the country as a power shutdown plunged the area into darkness, Ishwar Dhakal, a witness said.
Police said the crowd was baton-charged before the king was driven back to the palace safely.
King Gyanendra has been isolated since he gave in to mass protests last year, stripped of most of his powers including the control of the powerful army and is rarely seen in public.
Gyanendra was a businessman before he became king in 2001 after his brother, King Birendra, and eight other royals were shot dead in a drug-and-drink fuelled shooting spree by the then crown prince who later turned the gun on himself.
Friday's attack came despite authorities deploying thousands of policemen at the pilgrimage site over fears that religious groups could use the festival to demand the country revert to being a Hindu state.
The Himalayan nation was the world's only Hindu state until it was declared a secular country last year after King Gyanendra stepped down from power.
Organisers of the festival said about 300,000 pilgrims from Nepal and neighbouring India were expected at the temple of Lord Shiva, one of the trinity of Hindu gods.
One man died and 18 people were injured when the front of a double-decker passenger bus was ripped open in a collision with a truck in Hong Kong Saturday morning.
At least two passengers were thrown from the bus onto the road in the accident but it was unclear whether the dead man was travelling in the bus or in the truck it collided with.
The accident happened near a toll plaza at the entrance to the Tai Lam road tunnel in Hong Kong shortly after 9 am (0100 GMT), police said. 
Two lanes of traffic were closed by the accident.
Hong Kong saw its worst road accident in July 2003 when a truck shunted a double-decker bus over the edge of a 30-metre highway bridge, killing 21 people on board.
The 53-year-old truck driver involved in the accident was later convicted of dangerous driving causing death and served seven months in jail.
Burundi will send some 1,700 troops to Somalia as part of an African Union peacekeeping mission to stabilise the chaotic Horn of Africa nation, the army said on Sunday, adding that an advance team would leave in days.
Somalia's interim government, whose forces ousted Islamists from Mogadishu and much of the south in December with help from Ethiopian troops, has called for the 8,000-strong AU force to be deployed as soon as possible.
Uganda is to send a 1,500-strong force in the next few days to Mogadishu, where frequent attacks underline the challenge facing the government in trying to tame a nation where anarchy has prevailed since dictator Mohamed Siad Barre's 1991 ouster.
Burundi will supply 1,700 troops and the first elements are expected to leave next week, said army spokesman Colonel Adolphe Manirakiza, adding that 80 extra army officers would also be sent.
It is a response to the African Union request which asked African countries to supply troops to help Somalia find peace.
A 5,600-strong U.N. force was deployed in June 2004 in Burundi, which is emerging from more than a decade of civil war that killed 300,000 people.
Several hundred of the troops remain in the country, now operating under an AU mission to monitor a ceasefire agreement between the government and Burundi's last rebel group.
The tiny central African nation has sent about 50 army and police officers to Sudan's troubled Darfur region and a police spokesman said this week 20 police officers were ready to go to Ivory Coast as part of the U.N. mission there.
The AU mission in Somalia will take over from Ethiopian forces, who have come under attack in Mogadishu.
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice meets Israeli and Palestinian leaders on Monday, but has sought to lower expectations about the talks' outcome.
Rice said the meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas would amount to informal discussions rather than negotiations.
Rice spent Sunday shuttling between the Israelis and the Palestinians, trying to agree an agenda for the talks which have been overshadowed by a deal to form a Palestinian government comprising Abbas's Fatah party and the militant movement Hamas.
The head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog is to visit North Korean from March 13 to 15 to discuss the shutdown of its nuclear arms programme, Japan's Kyodo news reported on Wednesday, citing a diplomatic source in Seoul.
International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Director-General Mohamed ElBaradei said last week he had received an invitation from Pyongyang after the North struck a deal this month to shut its nuclear site and allow U.N. inspectors into the country in return for aid.
A firm date has yet to be formally announced for his visit.
The visit is expected to happen the week after the board of governors, said a spokesman for the IAEA. 
The board starts its meeting on March 5.
A Ryanair jet made a non-scheduled landing in the German city of Cologne during the night after a Polish passenger pretended to have a bomb in his carry-on luggage, German police said Wednesday.
The plane was flying from Luebeck, northern Germany, to Stansted near London. 
The passenger, 22, had refused to switch off his cellphone when asked to do so by the man seated next to him, and then claimed he had a bomb.
The Irish plane was over Dutch territory at this time. 
Its pilot issued an emergency radio call and diverted to Cologne, Germany.
Police arrested the passenger when the plane touched down shortly before midnight, but found no bomb in his luggage. 
He was slightly drunk and insisted he had been joking. 
Police freed him on bail on the condition that he immediately return to Poland.
A Lebanese national on Wednesday became the latest foreign worker to be kidnapped in southern Nigeria, a police source said.
Felix Ogbaudu, police commissioner for the southern Rivers State, said gunmen seized the man, who worked for a construction firm in Mbiama, some 30 kilometres (20 miles) outside Port Harcourt, the state capital.
He said he had no further details.
The latest kidnapping brings to 58 the number of foreigners who have been seized by armed groups in southern Nigeria since the start of the year, almost as many as in the whole of 2006.
On Friday one Lebanese man was shot dead and another wounded after gunmen opened fire on them in Rivers State.
Influential Republican Senator John McCain announced Wednesday he will run for the White House in the 2008 race.
I am announcing that I will be a candidate for president of the United States, McCain, said on CBS television's Late Show with David Letterman.
The Arizona senator, who lost his party's nomination in 2000 to now-President George W. Bush, said he would make a formal announcement in April.
But his long-expected entry into the race sees him running well behind former New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani, his main competition for the Republican nomination, according to polls.
Regarded as a straight-shooter and something of a Republican maverick, McCain, 70, set Washington abuzz with a speech just following Congressional elections last November, which saw Republicans perform badly on voter unhappiness with the war in Iraq.
Without additional forces, we cannot win this war, said McCain, taking a strikingly unpopular position in the election's wake.
Also in November McCain, who was a prisoner of war in the Vietnam conflict, used a congressional hearing to dress down General John Abizaid, the top US commander in the Middle East.
I regret deeply that you seem to think the status quo and the rate of progress we're making is acceptable. 
I think most Americans do not, McCain said.
As Democrats demand a phased withdrawal of US troops, McCain has argued that more men must be poured in to flush out insurgent strongholds, crush militias and sectarian violence and to train Iraqi forces -- a position since taken up by Bush.
McCain's many maverick stands also include challenges to his own party over corporate financing and to the White House over torture.
But a new poll Wednesday showed him lagging in the Republican race behind  Giuliani, known as America's Mayor for his handling of the September 11, 2001, terror attacks on New York. 
Giuliani was pulling in 44 percent of support, compared to 34 percent on January 19, according to the ABC News/Washington Post poll.
McCain, his top rival, lost six points, going from 27 percent last month to 21 percent in the new poll.
Former legislator Newt Gingrich, who led the Republican takeover of the House of Representatives in 1994, gained six points, getting 15 percent of support compared to nine percent a month ago.
On the Democratic side, meanwhile, Senator Hillary Clinton lost some ground the same survey showed.
But also showing strength was former vice president Al Gore, who got a boost following his winning an Academy Award Sunday for his documentary on climate change An Inconvenient Truth.
Clinton, the former first lady, was favored by 36 percent of Democrats compared to 41 percent in an earlier survey. 
Her main rival in the 2008 Democratic race, Senator Barack Obama, enjoyed a surge in support with 24 percent in the latest poll compared to 17 percent in a January 19 survey.
The poll numbers of another Democratic frontrunner, 2004 vice presidential candidate John Edwards, remained stable at 12 percent, just one point higher than a month ago.
Suspected militants slew a teacher for a madrassa Islamic religious school in Pakistan's North-West Frontier Province after accusing him of working for US security agencies, the Dawn newspaper reported Thursday.
The teacher's body and severed head were found Tuesday by a roadside near Jandola in the tribal district of Tank, located about 250 kilometres south-west of the provincial capital, Peshawar.
Dawn said the body was stuffed into a sack while the head lay in the open and an attached Urdu-language note identified the victim as an Afghan teacher of a madrassa in Pakistan's restive North Waziristan region.
The killers also wrote hypocrite on the forehead of the man, whose death was a result of spying for Americans, the note said.
Militants in Pakistan's tribal areas have beheaded a number of people in recent months for allegedly providing intelligence to US forces fighting Taliban insurgents in neighbouring Afghanistan.
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday formally endorsed Chechen strongman Ramzan Kadyrov to become the local president of the war-torn southern Russian republic.
I took this decision because you have done a lot to restore Chechnya in the last few years, Putin was quoted by Russian news agencies as saying at a meeting in his residence in suburban Novo-Orgaryovo.
Kadyrov, who is currently interim president of the province, promised to boost security and said he would turn Chechnya into a blossoming region. 
The people of Chechnya want to be part of Russia, he added.
His candidature will now go before the local Chechen parliament which is widely expected to approve it. 
The reports said the parliament will meet on Friday to vote on Kadyrov's appointment.
The 30-year-old strongman is the unofficial leader of a powerful militia force that has been accused of numerous human rights abuses, including kidnappings and torture, by local and international non-governmental groups.
Kadyrov has, however, become popular in Chechnya for overseeing an ambitious reconstruction programme that has brought a measure of normality to parts of the war-ravaged territory.
He is the son of Akhmad Kadyrov, a former separatist who defected to Moscow's side and rose to become president of Chechnya before being assassinated in a 2004 attack in Grozny.
Moscow has fought two full-blown wars in Chechnya a 1994-96 conflict in which Russian forces suffered a humiliating defeat and a second assault that began in 1999 and continues today in the form of low-level skirmishes.
Danish police arrested at least 100 people in Copenhagen on Thursday in violent street clashes after authorities evicted left-wing squatters from a youth centre, a police spokesman said.
Authorities took control of the building in the central Norrebro area in a morning raid that saw officers land on the roof in helicopters.
In the wake of the eviction, scores of demonstrators threw cobblestones at police and set makeshift barricades on fire. 
Officers in riot gear chased protesters through the streets as police vans smashed through the barricades.
Clashes flared up again in the late afternoon after a call on the youth centre's Web site for a demonstration through Norrebro towards the house.
During the evening march, protesters threw bottles and bricks at the police and witnesses said they heard bangs and saw some throwing what may have been smoke bombs or fireworks.
We estimate there are around 1,300 people in the procession ... As far as we know no one has been seriously injured so far, Copenhagen police spokesman Flemming Steen Munch said.
The conflict over the youth centre has been simmering since 2000 when local government sold the building to a religious group. 
Left-wing activist have used it as a base since 1982.
The current owners have a court order to have squatters evicted but the youths have sworn to protect the house and have repeatedly called for a political solution.
Police and demonstrators clashed several times last year during protests over the eviction order.
A German arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of planning to attend a militant Islamist training camp has been released, the German foreign ministry said on Tuesday.
The ministry declined to say whether Michael N. had returned to Germany.
According to the German press, the 30-year-old convert to Islam was arrested in the Pakistani city of Raiwind near the border with India on February 2.
The German magazine Der Spiegel reported that he had planned to attend a training camp with a German of Bosnian citizenship, Nihad C., who was arrested in Pakistan on January 30.
The director of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) in Lebanon, Raouf Youssef, said Tuesday the aid granted from the US to Lebanon's army is given without any political conditions.
The aid is granted without any conditions and is aimed atbolstering the Lebanese army and security forces capabilities,said Youssef, responding to criticism and allegations by the Lebanese Shiite movement Hezbollah.
Hezbollah said the US arms aid was aimed at arming the anti-Syrian factions loyal to the Western-backed government headed by Fouad Seniora.
Youssef added that the secrecy that surrounded the arms shipment to Lebanon was done upon the request of the Lebanese army.
According to Youssef, the United States dedicated nearly 1 billion dollars in aid for Lebanon to improve the capabilities of the Lebanese army to defend its borders.
The aid included training to bolster the Internal Security forces' technical abilities, Youssef said, adding that the training would focus on enabling the forces to protect crime scenes because this is something the security is lacking.
He said the security forces had never had training or experience in this field or in defending borders due to the nearly 30-year Syrian military presence in the country, which ended on April 26, 2005 following the assassination for former premier Rafik Hariri.
Syria was widely blamed for Hariri's assassination. 
Damascus has repeatedly denied such charges.
Youssef stressed that the Lebanese security forces still have a long way to go because stability has not yet been imposed in Lebanon because of the ongoing political crisis.
Lebanon has been hit by a series of deadly explosions following the assassination of Hariri on February 14, 2005.
Flash floods triggered by heavy snowfall have killed at least 12 people in Indian Kashmir, including several buried in their homes, police said on Wednesday.
Power was cut off in several areas and phones were not working.
Authorities have closed schools for a week as many roads, including the main highway that links the disputed Kashmir Valley to the rest of India, were blocked by snow and landslides.
Srinagar, the main city in the region, witnessed its heaviest snowfall in a decade for the month of March, a weather official said.
Separately, five Hindu pilgrims, including two children, froze to death on Monday while on their way to Vaishno Devi, one of Hinduism's holiest shrines in Jammu and Kashmir.
They died due to exposure after the road they were travelling on was blocked by a landslide.
In 2005, more than 225 people were killed in Kashmir after the heaviest snowfall in nearly two decades triggered avalanches.
Sri Lanka warplanes bombed suspected Tiger rebel camps on Wednesday, a day after top defence officials warned that the latest military campaign could last three years.
The military said supersonic jets staged sorties for the third day against suspected rebel positions in Thoppigala Jungle in the island's east.
There are no immediate reports of casualties, but Tuesday's air strikes damaged Tiger vehicles and infrastructure, military spokesman Brigadier Prasad Samarasinghe told reporters.
He said the death toll in Monday's aerial attack had risen to ten, which included an eastern Tiger intelligence leader identified as Irakkian and a training instructor, adding that more than a dozen guerrillas were injured.
Sri Lankan troops backed by supersonic aircraft have stepped up their offensive against Tamil Tiger rebels in the island's restive northeast since April and have vowed to flush them out.
Within the next two to three years we should be able to eliminate them (Tamil Tigers), said a top defence source, who declined to be named.
He said the government would pursue a political solution alongside its military offensive as Sri Lanka's President Mahinda Rajapakse was keen to bring about an honourable peace to end decades of bloodshed.
The source said the security forces were on a strong footing to win the military campaign, but that a political solution must be pursued in tandem.
Security forces last week launched a fresh offensive to drive deeper into a Tiger stronghold known as the Thoppigala jungle, which stretches from Batticaloa district to neighbouring Ampara district in the island's northeast.
Samarasinghe said eight police commandos and two soldiers have died in the latest military drive, which also injured 32 troops. 
He put the rebel toll at 40 killed.
Charities operating in the region on Monday raised concerns for the safety of civilians in the troubled Batticaloa district where over 120,000 people have been displaced.
However, Samarasinghe put the refugee toll at 87,711 since July 2006.
There was no comment from the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), which has been fighting for an independent homeland for the minority Tamils in a 35-year conflict that has claimed over 60,000 lives.
According to latest military intelligence radical Iraqi Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr is still in Iran, the spokesman for US forces in Iraq told reporters on Wednesday.
Twenty-four hours ago he was not in Iraq. 
All indications are that he's still in Iran, Major General William Caldwell told reporters in Baghdad.
Sadr's supporters deny American claims, supported by some Iraqi officials, that the firebrand cleric fled the country in January ahead of a joint US-Iraqi security sweep that has targeted his militia.
But Caldwell said: He is a very significant part of the political process. 
We are in fact tracking his whereabouts.
Sadr leads a powerful political movement representing Iraq's urban Shiite masses, and heads a loosely organised militia called the Jaish al-Mahdi, or Mahdi Army, which US commanders accuse of taking part in sectarian attacks.
In the last six months, 700 people have been detained from the Jaish al-Mahdi whom we believe are associated with illegal activities, including death squads, Caldwell said.
Sadr has not been seen publicly in Iraq nor in Iran since the launch on February 14 of a joint US and Iraqi security plan to quell fighting between rival Sunni and Shiite militias in Baghdad.
He has not appeared at Friday prayers at his local mosque near his office in Kufa, central Iraq, since October 24.
The government in Tehran, which has been accused by Washington of supplying weapons and training to armed Shiite groups such as the Mahdi Army, denies that Sadr is in Iran.
In February, when US commanders first revealed his alleged disappearance, the Iraqi government attempted to play down its significance, saying Sadr was on a short, routine visit to Tehran and would soon return.
An earthquake with a magnitude of 5.1 on the Richter scale shook Monday the city of Bam in south-eastern Iran, the news agency ISNA reported.
No reports on damages were yet available.
More than 30,000 people were killed after a powerful quake devastated the city in December 2003.
The United States and France have three aircraft carrier battle groups in the Gulf region, U.S. and French naval sources said on Monday.
The USS Stennis carrier strike group arrived in late February with an additional 6,500 sailors to join the USS Dwight D Eisenhower carrier strike group.
The Stennis is in the region, in the Arabian sea outside the Gulf and Eisenhower is inside the Gulf, said Lieutenant-Commander Charlie Brown, a spokesman for U.S. Naval Central Command in Bahrain.
Having a second strike group here is to support ongoing operations in Afghanistan and Iraq and to reassure our regional partners of our commitment to the area, he said.
Strike groups are typically deployed with four to five frigates and destroyers and one submarine, but are then split up between different coalition task forces on arrival, he said.
The French aircraft carrier group Charles de Gaulle arrived in the Arabian Sea in mid-March for operations relating to Afghanistan, a spokesman for the French naval forces in Paris confirmed.
He said the carrier deployed with an air-defence frigate, two anti-submarine frigates, a supply ship and a submarine.
Asked if the carriers, the Stennis and Charles de Gaulle, were within easy reach of the Gulf, the U.S. Navy's Brown replied: I don't know about easy reach of the Gulf.
They are here to fly missions over Afghanistan.
You can't fly missions over Afghanistan from the Gulf because you'd have to fly over Iran.
Iran's southern coastline stretches into the Gulf of Oman and into the Arabian Sea.
Tensions rose last week between Iran and the West over Tehran's nuclear work and the capture of 15 British servicemen in the northern reaches of the Gulf.
On Sunday Iran said it would limit cooperation with the U.N.'s nuclear watchdog and resolved not to halt its atomic work after the Security Council voted to impose new sanctions.
The long-term use of aspirin, at low to moderate doses, appears to reduce all causes of mortality in women, especially in older women and those with cardiovascular risk factors, according to the results of a new study.
This is primarily due to a reduction in death from cardiovascular disease.
However, an accompanying editorial questions this finding and suggests that, on the basis of previous study findings, women without a history of cardiovascular disease should not start taking aspirin to prevent death.
Previous reports have indicated that aspirin use can lower the risk of heart disease and certain types of cancer, which are major contributors to mortality in women. 
However, it is unclear if long-term aspirin use is actually associated with a reduced risk of mortality from all causes.
To investigate, Dr. Andrew T. Chan, from Harvard Medical School in Boston, and colleagues analyzed data from 79,439 women who were enrolled in the Nurses' Health Study. 
All of the women were cancer- and heart disease-free when the investigation began.
Over 24 years, 9,477 of the women died, the researchers report in the Archives of Internal Medicine.
Current aspirin use was associated with a 25-percent reduced risk of mortality from any cause, compared with never using aspirin regularly.
In terms of specific causes of death, aspirin use was linked to a 38-percent reduced risk of death from cardiovascular disease and a 12-percent reduced risk of death due to cancer. 
The use of aspirin for 1 to 5 years seemed to provide protection against cardiovascular disease, whereas at least 10 years of use was required to prevent malignancy.
As noted, the survival benefits of long-term aspirin were most apparent in older women and in those with multiple cardiac risk factors.
In a related editorial, Dr. John A. Baron, from Dartmouth Medical School in Lebanon, New Hampshire, comments that the new findings for cardiovascular mortality are provocative, contrasting sharply with the pattern seen in primary prevention trials.
He also notes that the observational nature of the study may not have been able to deal with the differences between aspirin users and nonusers.
Therefore, he concludes that the study findings cannot overcome the accumulated evidence that aspirin is not particularly effective in preventing a death from a first-time cardiovascular event, such as a heart attack.
Most Americans have little or no confidence in the information they receive from the military or the media about the situation in Iraq, according to a poll released Thursday.
The survey by the Washington-based Pew Research Center for the People and the Press found that 52 percent have little or no faith in the military's portrayal of the four-year war, compared with 60 percent who feel the same way about the press reports of the conflict.
The figures are a far cry from the overwhelming confidence Americans had in the military and the media at the outset of the war in March 2003.
At the time, fully 85 percent said they had at least a fair amount of confidence in military information and 81 percent were confident the press was giving an accurate picture of the war.
Michael Dimock, associate director of the Pew Research Center, said the poll findings mirror the public's perception of how well the war is going overall.
People are questioning whether they are getting good information about how things are going and it's affecting the public's confidence in the government and military as well as the press, Dimock told AFP.
He noted differences along party lines in how people responded to the survey questions with Democrats more skeptical about government information whereas Republicans were more leery of press coverage.
The survey of 1,038 adult Americans was conducted between March 30 and April 2 and had a 3.5 percent plus or minus margin of error.
Four people including a policeman were killed Friday in a suicide car bomb attack near the Afghan parliament in the capital Kabul, police said.
The bomber detonated a car filled with explosives a few hundred meters (yards) from the legislative building, killing three civilians and one policeman, Kabul criminal investigation police chief General Alishah Paktiawal told AFP.
It was a suicide bombing. 
Four people were killed and four others were injured, he said.
The 15 British sailors and marines seized by Iran in the Gulf said they were blindfolded, bound, kept in isolation and warned they faced up to seven years in jail.
We were blindfolded at all times and kept in isolation from each other, Lieutenant Felix Carman said.
In an agreed statement, the military personnel said they were told that if they did not admit they had strayed into Iranian waters, they faced seven years in prison.
We were interrogated most nights and given two options. 
If we admitted that we had strayed, we would be back on a plane to the UK pretty soon. If we didn't, we faced up to seven years in prison, they revealed.
They heard weapons being cocked behind them and feared the worst.
After their arrest in the Gulf, the sailors and marines were taken to a prison in Tehran. 
We were blindfolded, our hands were bound, we were forced up against a wall, they said in their statement.
They insisted they had been arrested in Iraqi waters and said that in captivity they suffered constant psychological pressure.
The sole woman among the group, Faye Turney, was kept isolated for several days and told by her captors that the others had been released and gone home.
The sailors and marines were released in Tehran on Thursday after a tense 13-day stand off and flown back to Britain for an emotional reunion with their families.
Britain has suspended boarding operations in the Gulf and is reviewing rules of engagement in the area's waters after their seizure, navy chief Jonathan Band said.
He said British forces were reviewing how they are handled in future amid disquiet over how easily the sailors were seized on March 23.
As part of this ongoing review, the operational procedures and the rules of engagement that go with them will be reconsidered, he told BBC Radio.
Iran still holds the only two boats used to carry out the search operations in the area.
Iran said they had strayed into its territory but Britain said they were in Iraqi waters on a regular U.N. mission.
Taliban fighters seized control of a district in the south of Afghanistan Friday, officials said, as a suicide bomber in a taxi killed six people near the national parliament in Kabul.
The violence came as President Hamid Karzai said he had met with members of the Taliban movement which is leading a deadly insurgency five years after being toppled by US-led forces to bring reconciliation to his country.
Karzai said Taliban representatives had been regularly meeting with government bodies, adding. 
I've had some Taliban coming to speak to me as well, so this process has been there for a long time.
But he ruled out talks with Taliban supremo Mullah Mohammad Omar, a close ally of Al-Qaeda chief Osama Bin Laden, or with foreign militants.
Hours before he spoke, 100 Taliban members overran Khak Afghan district in the troubled Zabul province, the latest of several rebel attempts to exert control in parts of southern and western Afghanistan.
Police made a tactical withdrawal after guerrillas attacked the headquarters of the mountainous district from several directions at once, said Ghulam Shah Alikhil, a spokesmen for the provincial governor.
There were no immediate plans in place to retake the area, he said.
The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF), which has tens of thousands of troops in Afghanistan, including US and Romanian soldiers in Zabul, said it was checking the information.
The Taliban have also occupied other districts in Afghanistan this year. 
In most cases, the rebels have been driven out after a short time.
In Kabul, a suicide bomber struck a few hundred metres (yards) from the parliament building killing five people including a policeman, the city's criminal investigation police chief General Alishah Paktiawal told AFP.
It was a suicide bombing 
The bomber was driving a yellow and white taxi, Paktiawal said. 
He said it was unclear if the attacker was targeting parliament but added that the device may have exploded prematurely.
The powerful blast was the third suicide attack in the heavily-secured capital this year. 
Such bombings have become common in resistance-hit southern Afghanistan but have previously been rare in Kabul.
Taliban commanders have vowed to launch a wave of suicide blasts this year, after nearly 140 last year across the country killed about 200 civilians as well as scores of Afghan and foreign security officials.
Meanwhile police said they were still searching for two missing French aid workers and their three Afghan colleagues after the Taliban said its fighters had kidnapped them on Tuesday in southwestern Nimroz province.
The two French nationals are from the organisation Terre d'Enfance (A World for Our Children).
Karzai however pledged to make no more hostage deals, saying that one he made last month to free an Italian journalist was because the Italian government which has 1,800 troops in Afghanistan could have collapsed.
Karzai ordered the release of five Taliban prisoners, including some high-profile figures, in March in the controversial trade which resulted in the freedom of kidnapped Italian reporter Daniele Mastrogiacomo.
It was an extraordinary situation and won't be repeated again, he said. 
No more deals with no one and with no other country.
Separately on Friday the Taliban killed five security guards in an attack on a construction company working on a highway near Qalat, the capital of Zabul province, officials said.
Gunmen kidnapped two Turkish engineers from their car in Port Harcourt in Nigeria's oil-producing Niger Delta, police said on Saturday.
One of the men works for Merpa, a Turkish firm that maintains telecoms equipment on one of the oil platforms of Italian firm Agip in the delta, said Agip's parent company Eni.
The employer of the second captive was not known.
They were intercepted by militants when they were driving late yesterday evening, said Felix Ogbaudu, police commissioner of Rivers State, where Port Harcourt is located.
Kidnappings for ransom or to press for benefits from oil firms are common in the Niger Delta, a vast wetlands in southern Nigeria that accounts for all oil production from the world's eighth-biggest exporter.
Most kidnap victims are released unharmed after a few days, though some have been kept in captivity for months and two have been killed in botched attempts by troops to free them.
Thousands of expatriate workers and their relatives have left the Niger Delta since the start of a wave of attacks on oil facilities and kidnappings of foreigners in late 2005.
Oil production has been reduced by 500,000 barrels per day, one fifth of Nigeria's production capacity, since a series of raids on Royal Dutch Shell oilfields in February last year forced their closure.
Violence in the delta is rooted in poverty and frustration at the lack of benefits for local people from an industry that has polluted their land, air and water for five decades.
Nigeria made $40 billion from oil exports last year, but most people in the delta have no access to clean water, electricity, roads or doctors because widespread corruption in government has led to a collapse in basic public services.
As a result, many local communities expect oil firms to step in where government has failed to and provide jobs, infrastructure and development projects.
But the lines between militancy and crime are blurred in the delta. 
Some armed groups have taken hostages to press political demands but many freelance kidnappers have seized foreigners to extract cash from their companies or from government.
Security forces in Yemen on Saturday arrested a man suspected of involvement in an attack on a mosque during which worshippers were sprayed with petrol and set on fire.
Amran district governor Taha Abdallah Hajer, quoted by the official Saba news agency, said the suspect was being interrogated to try to find out why the attack took place. 
He named the detained man as Hamid al-Shumi.
Thirty people were wounded, eight of them seriously, when unidentified men struck during Muslim Friday prayers at the mosque in Amran some 60 kilometres (40 miles) north of the capital Sanaa.
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert arrived in Beijing on Tuesday morning for a three-day official visit to China.
During Olmert's visit, the first since he took office last May, Chinese President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao will meet or hold talks with him respectively on China-Israel relations, regional and international issues of common concern, sources with Chinese Foreign Ministry said.
He is also expected to attend a series of activities marking the 15th anniversary of the establishment of China-Israel diplomatic ties, the sources added.
Before his China visit, Olmert highlighted in an interview with Xinhua in Jerusalem that the development of the relations with China is exciting and promising.
He stressed that China is not only a big economic power, but an important country which plays a significant role in some regional and global issues.
As a son of a former Jewish resident in China, Olmert said he had a  spiritual tie with the Asian country.
The Chinese culture is part of my heritage and part of my earliest memory as a young kid in the state of Israel, the Israeli Prime Minister said. 
An Afghan civilian was killed when NATO forces opened fire after he failed to stop his vehicle that was approaching a NATO convoy in south-eastern Afghanistan on Tuesday, the military said.
The incident took place in Orgun district of  Paktika province when the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) convoy was returning to their base and the car was approaching from the rear at high speed, ISAF said in a statement.
A warning shot was fired, however the vehicle failed to stop.  
A disabling shot was subsequently fired, regrettably killing one civilian who worked at the ISAF base in Orgun, the statement said.
An investigation into the incident is underway, it added.
A number of other Afghan civilians have been killed in a similar fashion as military forces seek to prevent more suicide bombings against Afghan and foreign troops, who have been targeted by explosives-filled cars colliding with their military vehicles.
More than 120 suicide attacks took place last year in Afghanistan, five times more than in 2005.
As a precaution, ISAF forces have installed boards on the backs of their vehicles, warning locals not to get close to their convoy or risk being shot. 
Only 30 per cent of the 30 million-strong Afghan population, however, can read and write.
Thirty-one people were killed on Tuesday when their chartered plane crashed while trying to land in foggy conditions in Iraq, Turkish officials said.
The Moldovan Antonov-26, which took off from the Turkish city of Adana early on Tuesday, was carrying about 35 people including 30 construction workers, the officials said.
The plane came down at about midday Turkish time (1000 GMT) some 2.5 km (1.5 miles) to the northwest of Balad, a Foreign Ministry official told Reuters. 
He put the death toll at 31 and said one person was injured and three were missing.
Adana's governor Cahit Kirac told CNN Turk television that the plane was carrying 29 Turks, one American and a crew comprising one Russian, one Ukrainian and three Moldovans.
Balad is the main U.S. military logistics hub in Iraq, about 80 km (50 miles) north of the capital Baghdad. Turkish media initially reported that the crash occurred in Baghdad.
The plane belonged to Moldova's Aerian Tur Airlines and the workers on board were from the Turkish construction company Kulak, the Foreign Ministry official said.
The U.S. military, which controls Iraqi air space, declined to comment.
There was no suggestion that hostile fire had brought down the plane. 
In 2005, hostile ground-to-air fire brought down a British military transport plane in the same area, killing all on board.
Police in Israel are to initiate investigations into Prime Minister Ehud Olmert on suspicion of corruption, the Israeli Aruz 10 channel reported Tuesday.
Ehud is to be questioned about several probable corruption affairs on his return from China, the television report added.
The investigations are to focus mainly on whether he helped business friends of his in a bid to privatize the Israeli bank Leumi when Olmert was Israel's minister of finance.
Olmert has been accused of corruption on several occasions, but has never been sentenced. 
He has always denied the accusations.
Cold War leader Daniel Ortega returns to power in Nicaragua on Wednesday, giving Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez a new leftist ally as he tries to steer Latin America away from the United States.
Ortega, who first took power in a 1979 revolution and then led a Marxist government for 11 years while fighting a brutal civil war against U.S.-backed Contra rebels, completed a remarkable comeback by winning a November presidential vote.
The balding 61-year-old Sandinista leader is still a socialist but has dropped many radical economic policies from the 1980s, saying he has learned from his mistakes.
Ortega promises to respect private property and the free market this time around even as he fights poverty. He preaches reconciliation and has ditched Marxism for religion, winning the trust of church leaders and some former battlefield foes.
Our commitment is work, peace and reconciliation, Ortega said on the eve of his inauguration.
But his election victory was still a blow to Washington in a region where its influence has waned as poor voters left behind by free-market reforms have in recent years picked leftist leaders aligned with Venezuela's anti-U.S. Chavez.
Ortega insists he wants good relations with the United States, but his closest allies in Latin America are Chavez, Cuban leader Fidel Castro and Bolivian President Evo Morales.
Chavez also took office, for his third term, on Wednesday, and promises to deepen his leftist revolution by nationalizing utility companies and seeking the power to rule by decree.
The Sandinista revolution in 1979 toppled a U.S.-backed dictator Anastasio Somoza. 
Literacy and health care improved dramatically at first but mismanagement and the war then plunged the country into years of economic chaos.
Pro-U.S. governments have ruled in Nicaragua since Ortega was ousted in a 1990 election and Ortega failed in two successive attempts to win back power at the ballot box.
Spending more time around the family dinner table and less time in front of the TV can help prevent kids from getting fat, a new study shows.
Among 8,000 children followed from kindergarten to third grade, those who watched the most TV were at the greatest risk of being or becoming overweight, Dr. Sara Gable of the University of Missouri, Columbia and her colleagues found. 
And the fewer meals children ate each week with their families, the more likely they were to put on excess pounds.
Families need to work together to help children maintain a healthy weight, Gable told Reuters Health in an e-mail message.
Even the simple things, like how often families eat together and the amount of time that children spend watching television, play a role in children's weight status.
The risk of being persistently overweight increased by 3 percent for every additional hour a child spent watching TV each week, the researchers found, while each family meal missed per week increased the risk of persistent overweight by 8 percent. 
Living in a neighborhood perceived as unsafe for outside exercise also substantially increased the risk of being overweight.
Kids who stayed at a normal weight throughout the study watched 14.12 hours of TV a week, compared with 15.63 hours for those who became overweight and 16.09 hours for those who were overweight for the entire study period.
Children who did not become overweight ate 10.26 meals a week with their families, compared with 9.54 for children who became overweight and 9.57 for persistently overweight children.
While the actual percentages for increased risk were small, the investigators note that even a small effect matters when the base rate of the phenomenon in question is as high as the prevalence of overweight in a general population. 
They add that 17% of the children in the current study were overweight by third grade.
Children rely on parents to initiate such things as family mealtimes and to set limits on children's TV time, Gable told Reuters Health. 
Teaching children about healthy habits requires the whole family's involvement children are not going to learn these things on their own.
A second Chinese engineering battalion headed for Lebanon  on Jan 22 to join the UN peacekeeping mission there.
The second engineering battalion comprises of 275 personnel as well as a medical team consisting of 60 members.
A total of 143 peacekeepers took a UN chartered flight on the evening of Jan. 22 from Kunming, capital of southwest Yunnan Province, to replace the first engineering battalion deployed from the same military command in April 2006.
The rest of the battalion will leave for Lebanon in February.
China has sent 6,000 military personnel to participate in 16 UN peacekeeping operations since its first contributions to UN operations in the 1990s.
Tamil Tigers shot dead four security personnel, including two soldiers, as fighting continued to rage in Sri Lanka's embattled northeast where the military has captured a key rebel-held town.
Five civilians were also shot dead by unidentified attackers in the northern town of Vavuniya, police said today. 
There had been at least 10 other killings of civilians in Vavuniya district in the past week.
The police said the latest victim, a top official at the local transport authority, was shot dead as he was riding a motorcycle home with his wife this evening.
The two soldiers were killed last night in the eastern district of Batticaloa, where troops took the main rebel stronghold of Vakarai on Friday, the defence ministry said.
It said one Tiger rebel was also killed.
Two police constables were killed late last night, also in the district of Vavuniya, in two separate incidents.
Both killings were blamed on the Tigers. 
The ground troops who captured Vakarai in the island's east were clearing the area of mines and booby-traps for a second consecutive day, officials said.
The military Sunday said it had found 37 dead bodies of Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) rebels near Vakarai, taking the toll from weeks of fighting to above 430.
Vakarai originally housed about 35,000 civilians, but an estimated 20,000 have fled in recent weeks. 
Palestinian fighters abducted three French nationals in the northern West Bank city of Nablus Tuesday, security officials said.
Fighters of the al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades -the semi-official, semi-independent armed wing of President Mahmoud Abbas' Fatah party- said they had found arms on the three Frenchmen and accused them of being members of an Israeli undercover unit.
But the Palestinian security officials said they were security guards travelling with a French delegation visiting Nablus.
An Israeli army spokeswoman said no Israeli army force was operating in Nablus Tuesday.
The three had been abducted by unknown individuals who followed them to their hotel in Nablus before taking them away on foot, witnesses said.
Palestinian security sources said everything was being done to free them.
In Paris, a spokesman for the French foreign ministry confirmed reports that the three abducted individuals were French citizens. However, no details of their identity were provided.
Israeli Infrastructure Minister Binyamin Ben Eliezer on Tuesday hinted that his country should consider producing nuclear power for civilian purposes.
It is our duty to keep the option to produce energy through other ways, Ben Eliezer said in a speech at an annual conference on Israel's national security in Herzliya, north of Tel Aviv.
Given the conditions that have surrounded Israel from the day it was created and its unique geo-political situation, I believe it is not enough to rely on energy production through conventional means, he said.
A senior official in the ministry told AFP that Ben Eliezer was referring to the need to develop nuclear energy technology for civilian purposes.
Although Israel is considered to be the region's only nuclear power, it refuses to say whether it does or does not have nuclear technology or weapons.
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert caused an international uproar last month when he placed his country on a list of states possessing nuclear weapons during an interview with German television.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad delivered a defiant message to the United States on Tuesday, saying Washington could not hurt Tehran by waging what he called a psychological war.
They are not in a position to hurt us, they do not have the power to do so, their pressure is mostly psychological, he said in a televised speech aired late Tuesday.
They think that they can intimidate and dismay the Iranian people in order to break the Iranian people's unity, he said. 
This is a psychological war.
Ahmadinejad spoke after coming under increasing criticism from both conservatives and reformists for his handling of foreign and domestic policy, including Tehran's disputed nuclear drive.
The latest criticism came from Grand Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri, who was once appointed to succeed the founder of the Islamic revolution but fell from grace in the late 1980s.
It is necessary to act with reason with the enemy and not provoke it. 
Extremism does not do people any good, Montazeri said.
We say death to America, but the United States is a power with important means, Montazeri was quoted as saying in a meeting with a group of liberal opposition groups.
In his speech on Tuesday, Ahmadinejad said his comments were based on thorough analysis and consultations. 
They (the United States) say they are sending another warship, so what ... we are not worried. 
The only way to neutralize all this is through unity, he said. 
US Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs Nicholas Burns warned Tuesday that Washington would not allow Iran to control the oil-rich Gulf and was sending a second aircraft carrier battlegroup to keep Tehran in check.
Iran has... to understand that the United States has interests, as do Gulf Arab and European countries, Burns said during a visit to the United Arab Emirates.
That's why you have seen the United States station two carrier battlegroups in the Gulf in recent weeks, Burns said, referring to the USS John C. Stennis, which is due to join the Dwight D. Eisenhower in the region.
Burns said the United States, which suspects Iran of trying to develop nuclear weapons, was not seeking a war with Tehran and wanted a diplomatic solution to the standoff over the Iranian nuclear programme.
Burns ruled out negotiations with Iran unless it met the international community request to suspend uranium enrichment work.
Iran says it only wants to enrich uranium for peaceful energy ends.
Ahmadinejad said that Tehran had always been ready for talks based on logic.
I told them I'm coming to New York, ready for debate, but they did not accept, he added. 
Those nations which are nuclear do not want others to join them -- yes, the US are pressuring us, he said.
While considerable attention has been given to women's risk of suffering fractures as they age, a new study shows that once an older person has sustained a fracture there's no significant difference between men and women in their risk of having another fracture. 
The report in the latest Journal of the American Medical Association confirms that men and women 60 years of age orolder are at heightened risk for all types of fractures after sustaining an initial low-trauma fracture.
Moreover, the risk appears to be greatest in the 5 to 10 years following the first fracture. 
Dr. Jacqueline R. Center, from the Garvan Institute of Medical Research in Darlinghurst, Australia, and colleagues therefore recommend early initiation of fracture prevention therapy for everyone who sustains a low-trauma fracture. 
The findings are based on a study of 2245 women and 1760 men who were followed from 1989 to 2005. 
During this period, 905 women and 337 men suffered an initial fracture, the investigators note. Of these subjects, 253 women and 71 men had a repeat fracture. 
The risk of recurrent fracture was comparable for men and women, with the equivalent of 57 and 62 cases occurring every year for every 1000 men and women, respectively, who suffered a prior fracture. 
The increased risk of re-fracture persisted for up to 10 years after the original fracture. 
This is the first study, to our knowledge, to comprehensively examine all low-trauma fractures in a concurrent group of men and women aged 60 years and older over a 16-year period, the authors conclude. 
They say that awareness of osteoporosis and its treatment particularly in relation to men, should be the focus of education initiatives.
Nine kidnapped Chinese oil workers were released safely on Sunday morning, according to the Chinese Foreign Ministry.
The nine were set free following 11 days of tough diplomatic efforts, Xinhua news agency quoted Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu as saying.
She said the released workers would return to China soon.
Armed assailants attacked a Chinese oil company compound in southern Nigeria on Januay 25, and kidnapped the nine workers.
Bandits and kidnappers often prey upon foreign oil workers in Nigeria.
Military action against Iran with the goal of shutting down its nuclear programme would be highly dangerous and counter-productive, according to an independent British report published Monday. 
The report, which concludes that diplomatic solutions to the issue must be resolutely pursued, says that while Britain and Prime Minister Tony Blair can play a major role in resolving the impasse by putting pressure on the United States, only through direct US-Iranian engagement can an agreement be found.
Among the report's authors are the development charity Oxfam, the Blairite think-tank the Foreign Policy Centre, along with Unison, Amicus and the GMB -- three of Britain's biggest trade unions.
Also co-authoring the report are religious organisations such as the Muslim Council of Britain, and Pax Christi, an international Christian anti-war charity.
The consequences of any possible future military action could be wholly counter-productive as well as highly dangerous. 
Diplomatic solutions to the Iranian nuclear issue must be pursued resolutely, the report read.
It noted several possible negative consequences of any military action, including paradoxically strengthening the resolve of the Iranian regime to become a nuclear weapons power and the likelihood of Iran's exit from the Non-Proliferation Treaty.
According to the authors, another possible consequence would be an inflammation of the war on terror, along with a chance that the European Union, which partially depends on Iran for its energy needs, could feel the squeeze and possibly even experience recession.
It called for Britain to use its diplomatic clout with the United States to advocate for direct US engagement which it says is essential to resolving the current situation.
The UN Security Council late last year passed a resolution imposing limited sanctions on Iran for its refusal to halt uranium enrichment -- the process that makes nuclear fuel as well as material for making an atomic bomb. 
The West fears the nuclear programme is covertly designed to make weapons, while Iran insists it is entirely peaceful.
About 1,000 U.S. Army troops will deploy to Iraq three months earlier than planned as part of the military's stepped-up effort to halt sectarian violence there, the Defense Department said on Friday.
The troops from the 3rd Infantry Division based at Fort Stewart, Georgia, will go to Iraq in March instead of June and they will assist with intelligence, surveillance, and command and control duties, the Pentagon said.
President George W. Bush said last month he would send an additional 21,500 troops to Iraq to try to help quell insurgent attacks. 
The accelerated deployment of the unit is part of that effort, a spokesman at Fort Stewart said.
The early deployment was announced as the U.S. House of Representatives approved a symbolic, nonbinding resolution opposing Bush's plan to send more troops to Iraq. 
The Senate is expected to vote on Saturday on whether to debate the House resolution.
U.S. force levels in Iraq continue to be conditions-based, and are determined upon the recommendations of military commanders in Iraq and in consultation with the Iraqi government, the military said in the statement.
There are approximately 141,000 U.S. troops currently in Iraq, according to the Pentagon.
The chief diplomats of Canada, Mexico and the United States will meet February 23 in Ottawa to discuss border security, trade and energy partnership, the Canadian government said Friday.
Washington will send US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, Homeland Security chief Michael Chertoff and Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez to the meeting, the Canadian government said in a statement.
Mexico will be represented by Foreign Affairs Secretary Patricia Espinosa, Interior Secretary Francisco Javier Ramirez Acuna and Commerce Secretary Eduardo Sojo Garza-Aldape.
Canadian Foreign Minister Peter MacKay, Public Safety Minister Stockwell Day and Industry Minister Maxime Bernier will host the meeting.
The trio will meet with their Canadian and Mexican counterparts to discuss how the three democracies are working together to ensure continued prosperity and how we can provide greater security for all of North America, Rice's spokesman Sean McCormack said in a statement.
The three North American neighbors launched the Security and Prosperity Partnership in March 2005 to bolster cooperation on border security, trade and energy.
The three economies are otherwise joined by the North American Free Trade Agreement.
The window and frame through which Lee Harvey Oswald shot and killed former US president John F Kennedy was sold on auction site Ebay for more than 3 million dollars on Friday.
The piece was being auctioned by Caruth Byrd, whose family owned the Texas School Book Depository in Dallas, where, from the sixth floor, Oswald fired the shots that killed JFK on November 22, 1963.
The mystery buyer, listed as r.seydel and based in the Netherlands according to his page on Ebay's website, paid 3,001,501 dollars to acquire the window, well past a starting bid for the piece of 100,000 dollars.
The window was taken out of the depository weeks after Kennedy's assassination and held for more than two decades by Caruth Byrd's  ather Harold. 
When Caruth inherited the item after his father's death, he had it placed in a museum in Dallas commemorating the assassination, where it has been for more than 10 years.
Like all the details surrounding JFK's death, there are conspiracies that the window is not authentic. 
But Byrd said on the Ebay page auctioning the piece that he will provide the winning bidder all the official documentation and contracts related to the window and frame's authenticity.
Don't miss this opportunity to own a piece of history, Byrdwrote.
At least 10 people were killed and scores injured Saturday when a powerful bomb exploded near a court in Pakistan's southwestern city of Quetta, the interior ministry said.
The blast, near the civil court, struck inside a compound also housing police offices. 
The majority of the dead are lawyers, officials said.
Ten people, most of them lawyers, were killed and many others are wounded, a senior interior ministry official told AFP.
Provincial home minister Shoaib Nosherwani said a senior civil judge, Wahid Durrani, was also among the dead.
It was a very powerful blast and we are investigating whether it was caused by a planted bomb or it was a suicide attack, he told the Geo television channel.
He said around 50 people were also wounded in the explosion. 
The channel quoted police sources putting the death toll at 13.
Quetta police officer Rehmatullah Niazi said the bomb exploded just outside the civil court, next to the police office that issues driving licences.
Quetta is the capital of Baluchistan province bordering Afghanistan and Iran. 
It has been troubled by recurring violence blamed on ethnic Baluch rebels demanding greater political rights and share in the profits from the region's natural resources.
Pakistani security forces are already on a high alert in the wake of a wave of terrorist attacks, including three suicide bombings in recent weeks.
A double car bombing killed at least 10 people and wounded 60 in a crowded market in the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk on Saturday, police sources said.
The explosions occurred in Kirkuk's Rahim Awa district, a predominantly Kurdish area of the ethnically mixed city. 
Several cars and shops were burnt out.
Hospital officials said the condition of many of the wounded was considered life-threatening.
Iraqi officials fear violence may increase outside the capital Baghdad as U.S. and Iraqi forces step up a crackdown on insurgents and militias in the city.
Some officials say militants are avoiding confrontation in Baghdad or may have left the city.
Two Picasso paintings worth some 50 million euros ($66 million) were stolen this week from the Paris home of a grand-daughter of the Spanish painter, police said on Wednesday.
The paintings were stolen in the night of Monday to Tuesday by burglars who broke into the woman's apartment in the smart seventh arrondissement of the French capital.
No further information was immediately available.
Many more suicide bomber cells are operating in Afghanistan and more suicide attacks by Taliban militants can be expected in the coming months, a NATO spokesman said on Wednesday.
We know for a fact that there has been recent intelligence to suggest that there was a threat of bombing in the Bagram area. 
It is clear that there are suicide bomber cells operating in this country, Colonel Tom Collins, spokesman for the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) in Afghanistan told reporters.
Collins' comments came after a deadly attack on Tuesday as US Vice President Dick Cheney was visiting the US military's primary base in Afghanistan, located in Bagram.
Cheney was unhurt by the blast at the base gates but at least 9 people including a US and a South Korean soldier were killed and over 20 others wounded.
Prior to Tuesday's bombing intelligence had suggested that the Taliban had the capability to carry out attacks in the city of Kabul and in the Bagram area, Collins said.
Asked if the alliance were expecting more attacks by Taliban militants, Collins said: Unfortunately we do expect more attacks and the enemy knows that it cannot defeat ANSF (Afghan National Security Force) and ISAF forces in a conventional sense, so we do expect that they increasingly go after soft targets, which means innocent civilians.
He played down Taliban claims that the attack targeted Cheney.
We do know for sure that the Taliban's claims that they were going after the vice president are really absurd.
There was never any threat to the vice president.
To suggest that the enemy has gone after the vice president, we are not ready to say that. 
It might be coincidence, we don't know at this point, Collins insisted, adding that the claim was intended to have more psychological impact on the Afghan population.
He put the death toll of Tuesday's suicide attack at nine killed and another 21 wounded. 
Italian Prime Minister Romano Prodi won a confidence vote in the Senate on Wednesday, allowing him to stay in office and drawing an end to a political crisis prompted by his resignation a week ago.
Prodi won with 162 votes for and 157. 
He would have had a majority even without the support of four unelected life senators who voted for him.
A second confidence vote is due on Friday in the lower house, where Prodi has a much more comfortable majority.
I am very satisfied, now we'll go to the lower house, he  told reporters.
Prodi resigned last week after nine months in office over a foreign policy defeat in the Senate after some leftist members in his nine-party coalition voted against him.
He got a second chance from President Giorgio Napolitano after he rallied his fractious allies behind him playing on their fears that a defeat would clear the way for conservative Silvio Berlusconi to return to power.
However, a poll published on Wednesday suggested only four in 10 Italians want the centre-left leader to stay on.
Most favour a non-partisan technical government or snap elections, showed the poll in Corriere della Sera daily.
Thirty-nine percent said Prodi would last only a few months and 22 percent gave him 1 to 2 years but not a complete five-year term.
The United States and North Korea will hold working group talks in New York on March 5-6 on the normalization of relations, the U.S. State Department said on Wednesday but played down expectations of any breakthrough.
I would caution you that this meeting is just a first step. 
It is an initial conversation, U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack told reporters. 
Don't look at it as a meeting that is going to produce immediate results. 
Nobody is going to come out the front door and wave a piece of paper with some agreement on it.
Such talks are envisaged under the Feb. 13 agreement in which North Korea agreed to take steps toward nuclear disarmament in exchange for $300 million in aid.
The agreement, reached four months after Pyongyang stunned the world with its first nuclear test, requires the secretive communist state to shut down the reactor at the heart of its nuclear ambitions and to allow international inspections.
The deal also called for a working group on the normalization of U.S.-North Korean relations to meet within 30 days. 
McCormack said the United States would be represented in New York by Assistant Secretary of State Christopher Hill and  North Korea by its top nuclear negotiator Kim Kye-gwan.
He said Kim would arrive in San Francisco on or around March 1 and would hold meetings with non-governmental organizations and others there before traveling to New York on March 2.
A man who spent five years at the US prison camp in Guantanamo Bay was released on bail on Thursday after serving two months' jail in Bangladesh, his lawyer said.
Mubarak Hussain Bin Abul Hashem, 32, was held for questioning over alleged anti-state activities in December, after being flown back from the US base in Cuba.
He was also charged with failing to produce a passport when he was repatriated to Bangladesh on a special US plane.
He was released last night from Dhaka central jail after serving out his detention, Mubarak's lawyer Mohammad Jashimuddin said. 
His relatives later took him to his village home, he added.
Police said earlier that Mubarak broke the law by overstaying in Pakistan on a tourist visa in 1998.
He was arrested in Pakistan after the September 11, 2001 attacks and flown to Guantanamo -- but was released after investigators there found no evidence he had links to Islamic militants.
Another Bangladeshi man is still being held at the controversial US prison camp, where the right to appear in court and other civil rights have been sharply curtailed.
Human rights groups and media reports have documented several cases of mistaken detention and abuse at the camp, where inmates are treated as prisoners of war under special US rules related to its war on terror.
Mubarak's father, a Muslim cleric, has denied that his son was involved in any militant activities and accused the US authorities of destroying his life.
Human rights groups also rejected the new charge as a pretext to keep him in custody.
This is a violation of his rights, said Sultana Kamal, of the Bangladesh human rights group Ain-O-Salishi Kendro (Law and Justice Centre).
It is not clear how this can have happened, but the case appears to be baseless, added Elina Khan, of the Bangladesh Society for the Enforcement of Human Rights.
Israeli troops left Nablus Thursday, after five days of searches in the northern West Bank city during which they killed one person and arrested several suspected militants, Palestinian eyewitnesses and officials said.
An Israeli army spokeswoman however would not confirm whether the operation, codenamed Warm Winter and the largest in the West Bank in months, had ended.
Israeli armoured vehicles and military jeeps had left already in the early morning, but some troops stayed behind, surrounding a number of buildings in the downtown area for wanted militants still on the run.
But those troops left as well later in the day after finding the buildings empty, witnesses said, adding no soldiers could be seen throughout the city by the afternoon.
Shops and businesses in downtown Nablus were seriously damaged during the operation after being forced open by soldiers as they searched the area, Mayor Adli Yaish told Voice of Palestine Radio.
Buildings also suffered extensive bullet holes and some roads were damaged by the heavy Israeli military equipment.
Israel said it launched the operation early Sunday, dubbing Nablus the biggest centre of militant activity in the west Bank.
It said that 117 potential suicide bombers arrested in 2006 had come from the northern West Bank city, which is mainly a stronghold of the al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, the violent, semi-independent, semi-official armed wing of President Mahmoud Abbas' Fatah party. 
The radical Islamic Jihad and Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) are also active in the city.
According to the Israeli military, nine out of 11 bomb belts tracked down in the last six months also emanated from Nablus.
Israeli troops had already briefly left the city on Tuesday, but returned the next day to resume the operation.
U.S. pressure, including congressional threats to cut or put conditions on billions of dollars in aid, could destabilize Pakistan and maybe even bring down President Pervez Musharraf, Islamabad's envoy to Washington said on Thursday.
In an interview with Reuters, Ambassador Mahmud Ali Durrani expressed concern that anti-terrorism cooperation among the United States, Afghanistan and Pakistan was eroding and rejected what he said were attempts to unfairly blame Islamabad for an upsurge in cross-border violence.
Tampering with U.S. aid levels will fan anti-Americanism, strengthen the extreme right and Taliban supporters, be counterproductive, and create problems for Musharraf to be able to continue the way he is, Durrani said.
Asked if it might trigger Musharraf's ouster, he replied, I don't know. 
Possibly it could bring him down. 
It could destabilize the whole country. 
It could cause mega-problems there. 
That is possible.
His comments came after top American intelligence officials said the front-line U.S. ally in the war on terrorism had allowed a resurgence of al Qaeda and Taliban forces and training camps in Pakistani tribal areas that could someday lead to another Sept. 11-type attack on the United States.
What I'm worried about today more than anything else is this unhinging of the cooperative relationship ... In this very critical field of (cooperation on) counter-terrorist operations there seems to be a problem. 
We need to fix it, Durrani said.
U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney visited Afghanistan and Pakistan earlier this week and urged Musharraf to take tougher action against hardliners on his side of the lawless border. 
He also called attention to efforts by the U.S. Congress to restrict or alter billions of dollars in annual U.S. aid to Pakistan.
Taliban leader captured.
On Thursday, Pakistani security forces captured a high-ranking Taliban leader in the southwestern city of Quetta, a senior Pakistani security official and Taliban sources reported.
The Bush administration considers Musharraf a key ally who has taken great risks to help defeat Afghan-based guerrillas after the Sept. 11 attacks, including by providing access to bases and overflight rights.
But with continued instability in Afghanistan and reports that hardliners are building new bases in Pakistan possibly abetted by Pakistani intelligence services, many in Washington wonder whether a new strategy is needed.
A recent report by experts at the Center for Strategic and International Studies questioned whether the U.S. alliance with Musharraf has run its course, while acknowledging there is no obvious successor to lead nuclear-armed Pakistan as a moderate Muslim state.
Durrani argued that the United States, distracted by Iraq, failed to finish the job in Afghanistan and is now looking for someone to blame.
He acknowledged problems in Pakistani tribal areas, including a possibility of some presence of al Qaeda, definitely some presence of Taliban but he insisted 90 percent of the violence stems from Afghanistan.
Some U.S. experts have questioned whether more than $10 billion in aid to Pakistan over the past five years may be too heavily weighted towards military operations and should focus more on education and other softer projects, but Durrani said the mix should not be changed.
He urged Washington to expedite delivery of attack helicopters and night vision devices in time for an expected Taliban spring offensive.
Findings from a study of Olympic wrestlers indicate that hepatitis B virus is found in the sweat of infected individuals, and so sweating might be a way that the virus could be passed between participants in contact sports.
Bleeding wounds and mucous membranes have been implicated in hepatitis B transmission during contact sports, but until now no study had looked to see if sweat carries the virus.
Dr. S. Bereket-Yucel, from Celal Bayar University in Izmir, Turkey, tested for DNA of the hepatitis B virus in blood and sweat samples from 70 male Olympic wrestlers.
The results indicated that 9 (13 percent) of the wrestlers had the hepatitis B virus in their blood. 
However, these were deemed occult infections because no antibodies to the virus were detected in any of the wrestlers, according to the investigators' report released Thursday ahead of print by the British Journal of Sports Medicine.
In eight of the nine participants whose blood tested positive, DNA for hepatitis B was also detected in sweat.
Based on these results, Evidence is emerging that the incidence of occult HBV in Olympic wrestling is higher than expected and that transmission of HBV may also occur through sweat, the researcher concludes.
The advice of sports organizations about HBV testing should be changed, they recommend, making it obligatory for all participants involved in contact sports and playing under adult rules to be vaccinated against hepatitis B.
Tornadoes ripped across the Southern and Midwestern United States on Thursday, killing at least 14 people including eight in the southern Alabama town of Enterprise, emergency management officials said.
The victims in Enterprise died when a twister caused part of a high school to collapse, and five people were killed elsewhere across Alabama, officials said. 
Another death was reported in Missouri.
The Montgomery Advertiser newspaper said state emergency managers were asked to send a mass fatality recovery team to Enterprise in Alabama's Coffee County.
Emergency officials told local television that at least one teacher was among those killed at the school. 
CNN quoted an eyewitness as saying he carried the bodies of two young girls out of the building.
Enterprise has suffered major and widespread damage, said Alabama Gov. Bob Riley, who sent 100 National Guard troops to Enterprise and put additional troops on alert.
State officials sent search and rescue teams, ambulances, generators and emergency lights to aid the search for survivors.
In the town of Caulfield in south-central Missouri, a tornado killed a girl in a mobile home and damaged six other homes and two gasoline stations, officials said.
Parts of several Midwestern states and regions as far south as the Gulf Coast to the Florida Panhandle had been under tornado watches or warnings most of the day.
To the best of our knowledge there was at least one significant tornado that went through the city of Enterprise but we won't know if there was more than one before tomorrow when we send a team to conduct a storm survey of the affected area, said Tom Bradshaw, a meteorologist in Fort Worth, Texas, with the National Weather Service headquarters for the southern region.
Several counties in Alabama and also Georgia are currently under tornado warnings, he said.
An Australian citizen captured in Afghanistan and held at the Guantanamo Bay prison camp will be tried on charges of providing military support for terrorism, the US Defence Department said Thursday.
David Matthew Hicks, 31, an Australian-born convert to Islam, will not face the death penalty, according to Defence Department officials. 
If convicted, he could be allowed to serve a prison sentence in Australia.
He will be the first prisoner to be tried under the new system of military tribunals established by the United States for use against some prisoners in the war on terrorism, after passage last year of the Military Commissions Act.
The Pentagon's Office of Military Commissions referred the charge against Hicks with two specifications. 
Officials expect his trial to begin by summer.
He was captured in December 2001 in Afghanistan, becoming known as the so-called Australian Taliban.
Australian Prime Minister John Howard has long lobbied for Hicks to be charged or released.
Five Europeans kidnapped in Ethiopia 12 days ago have been released and are in good health, British foreign minister Margaret Beckett said on Tuesday.
The three British men, one Italian-British woman and a French woman all have links to the British diplomatic community in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa.
All five were released earlier today to the Eritrean authorities and have just arrived in the care of our embassy in Asmara, Beckett told reporters. I understand that broadly they are all in good health.
They were seized by armed attackers while travelling in Ethiopia's remote northeast Afar region.
Eight Ethiopians assisting the Europeans were also taken hostage but their fate remained unclear, Beckett said.
Regional officials and Afar locals had said the hostages were marched into neighbouring Eritrea -- something Eritrea denied.
Beckett said there were varying reports as to where the hostages had been held but certainly they were released with the help of the Eritrean government.
The five Europeans were named as Peter Rudge and Jonathan Ireland, first secretary and administrative support at the British Embassy in Addis Ababa, Malcolm Smart and Laure Beaufils working for the Department for International Development in the Ethiopian capital and Rosanna Moore, wife of the head of the British Council there.
The interim government in Bangladesh Tuesday sent to prison Tarique Rahman, the elder of two sons of former prime minister Khaleda Zia, over corruption charges filed by police, officials said.
Rahman, who had reportedly amassed huge wealth through questionable means, was arrested by security forces last week and was under interrogation by government intelligence agencies.
The army backed caretaker administration rejected the bail plea by Rahman, defence lawyers said disclosing however that they would move the High Court with a similar petition.
Metropolitan magistrate Mamun-al Robiul sent Rahman to the maximum security Dhaka Central Jail with a month's detention.
After Rahman, 42, complained of serious health problems in a crowded prison cell, he was removed to the jail hospital for medical treatment.
Earlier, Rahman faced investigations after he was accused of taking extortion money from a real estate developer.
Official sources said as senior joint secretary general of the former ruling Bangladesh Nationalist Party, Rahman allegedly collected 'speed money' from businesses to hasten the approval of commercial projects by the slow moving bureaucracy.
Rahman, who is expected to succeed his mother Khaleda Zia, made some sensational disclosures after he was remanded to police for quizzing.
The non-party government was formed in January amid an impasse between Zia and Sheikh Hasina who leads the Awami League.
Elections were planned for January 22 but were stalled midway by a state of emergency declared by President Iajuddin Ahmad banning all political activities to stop the country from sliding into chaos.
Two men were arrested in India Wednesday on suspicion of links to last month's bombing of an India-Pakistan train which killed 68 people, a senior police official told AFP.
The two men were picked up from (the central Indian city of) Indore, said R.C. Mishra, deputy inspector general of police in the northern state of Haryana, where the attack took place.
They were linked to the purchase of the suitcases in which the bombs were packed, the police official and top investigator told AFP.
Mishra did not identify the two, but the Press Trust of India news agency said they were bag shop managers who had supplied the covers for the suitcases in which the bombs were concealed.
They were named as Huzaifa, a Muslim, and Poonam Singh Thakur, a Hindu.
The pair were being questioned in Indore and would be taken to Haryana later in the day, it said. 
It was not clear if the two were suspected of being directly involved in the plot.
The blasts -- caused by the explosion of four bombs -- occurred about midnight on February 18, killing mainly Muslims who were travelling home to Pakistan on the cross-border Friendship Express.
The attack appeared to be aimed at undermining the stop-go peace process between India and Pakistan launched in 2004.
Indian police teams have released sketches of two suspects who were believed to have planted the bombs, and briefly detained seven people from three northern states for questioning last month.
Leaders of the dominant clan in Somalia's capital said on Sunday a shaky, three-day-old ceasefire remained in place after talks with Ethiopian soldiers who back the interim government.
Hawiye elders have been negotiating with the government and Ethiopian military since about 20 people died last week in the worst violence in Mogadishu since a war to oust Islamists began earlier this year.
The upsurge in violence came after the government launched a campaign to disarm parts of Mogadishu.
Hawiye clan elder and spokesman Ahmed Diriye Diriye said the disarmament plan was on hold following orders from Addis Ababa, and said, The ceasefire is still in place.
Diriye also said the government had been urged to send back troops that had come from the northern province of Puntland, another bone of contention for Mogadishu residents.
Pacifying Mogadishu is a momentous task for the interim government, which ended six months of Islamist rule in the city with the help of Ethiopia's military in a two-week offensive at the end of 2006.
An al Qaeda leader advised Somali Islamist fighters in a video posted on the Internet on Sunday to wage a guerrilla-style war against government forces, its Ethiopian allies and African Union peacekeepers.
Adopt guerrilla war as it is the most durable form of battle with the least losses and biggest (enemy) casualties ... let the volcano erupt, said Abu Yahya al-Libi, who is believed to have escaped from a U.S. jail in Afghanistan in 2005.
Wage a raid after another, ambush them, shake the ground under their feet with bombs, destroy their bastions with martyrdom operations and car bombs.     
The government, headed by President Abdullahi Yusuf from the Darod clan, is facing an resistance from Islamists and clan militia in the coastal capital.
Hawiye leaders also met during the weekend with officials from an African Union (AU) peacekeeping force in Somalia, which is made up of 1,200 soldiers from Uganda.
AU officials introduced themselves, shared with the Hawiye leaders their mission's mandate and told them that they want a stable Somalia, said one person at the meeting, who asked not to be named.
The formation of Yusuf's government is the 14th attempt to restore central rule to Somalia since 1991. 
He has called a national reconciliation conference for April 16, but whether it is held will depend on security in the city.
A series of aftershocks continued to hit central Japan on Monday following a powerful quake that jolted the area the previous day, bringing the total number of injured to 193 in the three prefectures of Ishikawa, Toyama and Niigata.
According to the Fire and Disaster Management Agency, the number of houses completely or partially destroyed reached 570 as of 8:30 a.m. Monday.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe told the Diet the government will make utmost efforts to ensure safety for people in the area as early as possible following the Sunday quake, which killed one person.
We will make all efforts to support the disaster victims and to restore the quake-hit area, Abe said at the House of Councillors Budget Committee.
At 7:16 a.m. Monday, an aftershock with a preliminary magnitude of 5.3 hit the vicinity of Ishikawa Prefecture, registering 4 on the Japanese seismic intensity scale of 7, the Japan Meteorological Agency said. 
No tsunami warning was issued over the quake.
The agency announced Monday there is a 70 percent probability that aftershocks with a magnitude 5 or higher will occur in the next three days and a 10 percent probability for aftershocks with a magnitude 6 or higher.
A government investigation team led by Kensei Mizote, state minister in charge of disaster management, inspected Wajima, Ishikawa, on Monday morning to check damage to houses in one of the most hard-hit cities.
It is necessary to supply housing and sanitary conditions as the (populations of the) quake-hit areas are graying, Mizote said.
The agency said the number of aftershocks reached 187 by 10 a.m. Monday, with their intensity varying from 1-4 on the Japanese scale.
Sunday's main quake logged an estimated magnitude of 6.9 and killed one person in Wajima. 
She was crushed by a stone lantern that collapsed in her garden after the earthquake.
The agency said it has named Sunday's main quake Noto Hanto Jishin (Noto Peninsula Earthquake), as the Noto Peninsula in Ishikawa Prefecture is the major affected area.
In Wajima, 60 people sustained injuries due to the quake. 
A total of 307 houses were flattened or damaged, leading some 2,600 people to evacuate to community centers and other shelters, the Wajima city government said.
Sotomi Mori, 81, slept the night at a community center in Wajima with her husband, 85, who is using an oxygen tank due to asthma.
We could not sleep at all because we were afraid of the aftershocks, Mori said. 
I want my husband to sleep in a safe place because I'm worried about his health.
An emergency relief team formed by firefighters from Ishikawa, Toyama, Fukui and Shiga prefectures searched to determine whether any people were buried under flattened houses in Wajima.
Water supplies were cut to around 5,500 households in Wajima.
Meanwhile, Ishikawa Prefecture resumed the operations of Noto airport in Wajima, which was closed since the Sunday's quake.
Egyptian security forces on Sunday seized at least 19 activists who were protesting against constitutional reform ahead of a public referendum.
Several members of the Egyptian national movement for change - Kefaya - and opposition leaders protested in front of the press syndicate in downtown Cairo, calling on the Egyptians to boycott the referendum due Monday on the amendments of 34 articles of the Egyptian constitution.
The banned Muslim Brotherhood movement and Kefaya held a number of protests nationwide. 
The Egyptian government had earlier warned critics of the constitutional referendum not to stage any protests on the day.
In a statement published in Cairo Wednesday, the Information Ministry said security forces would not tolerate any attempts to disrupt the referendum and democratic life on that day.
Some 35 million Egyptians have been called to cast their vote Monday at one of 30,000 polling stations. 
The referendum, which was originally scheduled for April, has been moved forward by Mubarak.
Citizens would no longer be protected from encroachments by the state, and opportunities for political participation would be limited further, according to critics.
In December 2006, President Hosny Mubarak asked the legislature to amend 34 articles of the constitution as part of a political reform package - the first major change in the constitution since 1971.
Critics of the reforms see the changes, which were drafted by Mubarak and his ruling National Democratic Party (NDP), as an attempt to finally turn (Egypt) into a police state.
The amendment of article 179, according to Amnesty International, would give sweeping powers of arrest to the police, grant broad authority to monitor private communications and allow the president to bypass ordinary courts and refer people suspected of terrorism to military and special courts, in which they would be unlikely to receive fair trials.
Opposition leaders and members of parliament have signalled their rejection of a proposed article that will result in the cancellation of judicial monitoring of the voting process in elections.
The opposition have also indicated their disapproval of a constitutional amendment regarding conditions for nominating presidential candidates and a third banning the formation of political parties based on religious denomination.
Amendments will also prevent independent candidates from standing for the presidency and ban all political activity based on religious convictions.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who is seeking to end an uproar over his remarks on World War II sex slaves, on Monday apologised again to the so-called comfort women.
Abe has repeatedly said he stands by Japan's landmark 1993 apology to the thousands of former sex slaves, while saying he felt no need to make a fresh statement.
Schools should be required to record all incidents of bullying to encourage the problem to be tackled better, a committee of parliamentarians recommended on Tuesday.
The government should also commission research into the long term-effects of bullying on victims and offenders, as well as into effective ways of challenging bullying behaviour, the Commons Education and Skills Committee said in a report.
Head teachers are currently obliged to report to local education authorities only incidents of racism, with guidelines merely recommending they record cases of bullying.
The committee said as a result some schools avoided reporting bullying incidents because they wanted to avoid getting a bad reputation.
But the MPs said they were convinced a lack of accurate data had become a barrier to increasing the effectiveness of anti-bullying programmes.
The idea that bullying is in some way character-building and simply part of childhood is wrong and should be challenged, said committee chairman Barry Sheerman.
From pupils to ministers, all those involved in the lives of young people need to give the clear message that bullying, for whatever reason, is wrong, he added.
The committee heard evidence that victims of bullying can suffer problems ranging from general unhappiness, poor concentration, low-self esteem, psychosomatic symptoms and anxiety to depression, self-harm or even suicide.
The MPs also asked for teacher training programmes to include a focus on how to prevent and address bullying.
Schools should review their anti-bullying policies every three years and should give a higher profile to bullying in social health and citizenship classes.
The committee said it was concerned that some schools were excluding the victims of bullying on health and safety grounds.
It called on the government as a matter of urgency to issue new guidance to head teachers making it clear that exclusions should not be used to prevent victims of bullying from attending school.
Schools Minister Jim Knight questioned whether it was practicable to ask schools to keep detailed records on bullying.
Feedback from heads indicates that placing a duty on schools to measure and record every incident of bullying would be a huge bureaucratic burden, Knight said.
As the committee themselves note, defining what bullying is can be very difficult, he added.
The Association of Teachers and Lecturers (ATL) echoed Knight's concerns, urging policymakers to think carefully before imposing further procedures and requirements on schools.
Interrogations of Saddam Hussein and seized documents confirmed the former Iraqi regime had no links with Al-Qaeda, a Pentagon report said Friday, contradicting the US case for the 2003 invasion.
A two-page resume of the report was published in February, but on Friday the Pentagon declassified the whole 120-page document.
According to the inspector general of the US Defense Department, information obtained after Saddam's fall confirmed the prewar position of the Central Intelligence Agency and Pentagon intelligence that the Iraqi government had had no substantial contacts with Al-Qaeda.
This position was shored up by interrogations of Saddam, the former Iraqi president and other top officials captured by the US-led coalition forces in Iraq, the report said.
It contradicts a strong argument for the invasion made by the administration of President George W. Bush that Baghdad had a working relationship with Al-Qaeda.
The network, based in Afghanisation and led by Osama bin Laden, was behind the September 11, 2001 attacks on the United States in which almost 3,000 people were killed.
The report noted that the office of then-undersecretary of defense Douglas Feith, one of the foremost advocates for invading Iraq after the 2001 attacks, had ignored the CIA's position.
He characterized the supposed Al-Qaeda-Iraq relationship as mature and symbiotic in a September 2002 briefing to the chief of staff of Vice President Dick Cheney.
The Feith briefing alleged that the two cooperated in 10 areas, including training, financing and logistics.
But the new report says the US intelligence community had concluded at the time there were no conclusive signs of links between Iraq and Al-Qaeda, and that direct cooperation ... has not been established between the two.
Prior to the war there was little public dispute inside the United States over the Bush administration's assertions linking Iraq and bin Laden's group.
But since the invasion, a number of intelligence officials have alleged the White House and its backers ignored their intelligence and cherry picked information to support their arguments for a war.
Spanish soldiers working in a United Nations peacekeeping force in Lebanon have found an arms depot that included rocket launchers in a mountainous area in southern Lebanon, Lebanese security sources said Friday.
The soldiers found around 17 rocket launchers and also found a concrete foundation that could be used to launch the rockets at a location near the town of Rachaya al-Foukhar, the sources said.
The depot was camouflaged and the weapons were hidden in a sealed barrel, the sources added.
The arms were handed over to the Lebanese army, they said.
Spain has deployed nearly 1,100 troops in the beefed-up UN Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL) in accordance to UN Security Council Resolution 1701, which ended 33-days of Israeli war against the Hezbollah militant group.
The UNIFIL force monitors the fragile ceasefire at the Lebanese-Israeli border.
Hamas and Fatah activists clashed in the Gaza Strip on Friday and at least two militants and a young boy were injured, Palestinian security sources and local residents said.
Tensions are running high in Gaza despite the formation of a unity government on March 17 between the ruling Islamist Hamas movement and President Mahmoud Abbas's secular Fatah faction.
Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh of Hamas said his cabinet would hold a special meeting on Saturday to discuss a new security plan aimed at stemming factional fighting and growing lawlessness within 100 days.
Haniyeh offered no details about the plan, drawn up by Interior Minister Hani al-Qawasmi.
Haniyeh accused the United States of fuelling the tensions by refusing to lift economic sanctions that prevent local, regional and international banks from transferring funds directly to the government.
The banks refused to deal with us and they are still refusing (to deal with the government) because of American gang-like actions, Haniyeh said.
Both sides said the fighting started when a Hamas member posted an Islamist pamphlet near a mosque loyal to Fatah.
In the West Bank city of Ramallah, an estimated 2,000 Hamas supporters rallied in support of Hamas leaders who have been killed by Israel.
At least three Palestinians have been killed in factional fighting in the Gaza Strip since the unity government was formed.
The Quartet of Middle East mediators -- the United States, the European Union, Russia and the United Nations -- has demanded that the Palestinian government recognise Israel, renounce violence and accept interim peace agreements with Israel. 
The unity government's programme contains a promise to respect previous Israeli-Palestinian pacts but does not call for recognising Israel and says resistance against the Jewish state in all its forms is a legitimate right.
Haniyeh brushed aside U.S., Israeli and European demands that Hamas recognise Israel. 
The siege must be lifted, Haniyeh said.
Maoist guerrillas killed six people, including two paramilitary soldiers, in an ambush in eastern India, police said on Saturday.
The rebels opened fire and hurled grenades and bombs at a police station in the late night attack Friday in Bokaro district, 140 kilometers (87 miles), from Jharkhand state capital Ranchi.
Four civilians and two paramilitary personnel were killed. 
One soldier is missing, police official G.S Rath told AFP.
The exchange of gunfire between police and rebels lasted for more than four hours, the official said.
The Maoist insurgency began in the 1960s in India as an armed peasant movement.
The rebels who say they are fighting for the rights of landless farmers operate in 15 of India's 29 states.
Last month, they killed 55 policemen in neighbouring Chhattisgarh state in one of their biggest attacks.
An Iranian diplomat freed two months after being kidnapped in Iraq has said he was tortured by U.S. forces while in captivity, Iran's Fars News Agency reported on Saturday.
Iran has previously blamed the U.S. military for his abduction but U.S. officials have denied any role. 
On Saturday the U.S. military again denied playing any part in kidnapping the diplomat, or in his alleged torture.
The Iranian's comments follow the release of 15 British troops from Iran, where they say they were ill-treated.
Jalal Sharafi, in an interview with Fars, explained how he had been kidnapped and tortured severely by American forces with the help of (Iraqi) agents ... under the supervision of the CIA, Fars News Agency reported.
He showed reporters the marks left by torture on his body that are now being treated by doctors, said Fars, which is considered close to Iran's Revolutionary Guards.
Gunmen in Iraqi army uniforms kidnapped Sharafi in February. 
An Iraqi government official said at the time Sharafi had been seized by 30 gunmen wearing the uniforms of an Iraqi army unit that often works with the U.S. military in Iraq.
When Sharafi was released on Tuesday, Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshiyar Zebari said the diplomat was in good health and said he did not know who had held him.
U.S. military spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Christopher Garver said in Baghdad, Multi-National Force Iraq was not involved in his kidnapping or any kind of claims of torture that he is now stating that he was subjected to.
U.S. forces in Iraq have arrested a number of Iranians, including five men detained in the northern Iraqi city of Arbil and who Washington said had links to Iran's Revolutionary Guards and were helping Iraqi militants.
Iran denies the charge, says they are diplomats and has demanded they be freed. 
It has also said it is still waiting for a reply to its request for consular access to the five. 
Washington says it is considering the request.
Iran, Britain and the United States insist there is no link between the release of the 15 British sailors and marines after 13 days' detention and the cases of Iranians held in Iraq.
Some analysts say the Revolutionary Guards who seized the 15 Britons may have been acting partly to send a message that Iran would not sit idle while its citizens were detained in Iraq.
While in captivity the Britons told Iranian television they were being treated well, but on return to Britain said they faced constant psychological pressure. 
Britain insists they were in Iraqi waters when seized.
Sharafi said he was abducted by agents with identification cards from Iraq's Defence Ministry and who were driving U.S. military cars. 
He said he was taken to a base near Baghdad Airport where he was questioned in Arabic and English, Fars reported.
Questions asked by CIA agents were about the presence and influence of Iran in Iraq. 
They asked questions about the amount of aid Iran provided to the government of (Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri) al-Maliki, Shi'ite, Sunni and Kurdish groups, he said.
When they were faced with my answers about the official relationship of Iran with the Iraqi government and officials they increased the tortures, many days they tortured me day and night, he said.
Fars quoted him as saying his interrogators also tried to encourage me to cooperate with them by showing a soft face.
Similar comments were carried by Iran's IRNA news agency.
Jendayi Frazer, assistant secretary of state for African affairs, met with leaders of war-torn Somalia's transitional government Saturday in the port city of Baidoa.
This was the first visit to Somalia by a senior US official in over a decade, US State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said in a statement issued in Washington. 
Her visit highlighted the US commitment at the highest levels to support the efforts of the Somali people to take advantage of their historic opportunity to achieve stability and security.
A NATO soldier was killed on Sunday in fighting in southern Afghanistan where foreign forces have launched a major offensive against the Taliban.
NATO said in a statement the soldier had been killed by a roadside bomb, but gave no further details.
A NATO spokeswoman refused to say where the incident occurred, saying that naming the province could reveal the nationality of the soldier.
About 5,000 NATO and Afghan troops are engaged in a major offensive, Operation Achilles, in Helmand province, the opium heartland of the world's biggest producer.
Last year saw the bloodiest fighting since the Taliban were ousted in 2001, mainly in the rebels' southern heartland of Helmand and neighbouring Kandahar province. 
British and Canadian troops make up the bulk of forces in the south. 
The Pakistan-based Afghan Islamic Press news agency reported that at least eight Taliban had been killed in fighting in Helmand.
A high-level US delegation led by former UN ambassador Bill Richardson arrived in North Korea on Sunday, official North and South Korean media said.
A US military plane landed at a Pyongyang airport, said South Korea's Yonhap news agency.
Bill Richardson, governor of New Mexico State, the US, and his party arrived here Sunday, Pyongyang's Korean Central News Agency also said.
The trip by the US team -- on a mission to recover the remains of US soldiers killed in the Korean War -- came days ahead of a key deadline under a six-party deal to dismantle Pyongyang's nuclear programme.
North Korea has to make good on its pledge to shut down its key nuclear facility in Yongbyon and allow the return of UN nuclear inspectors in return for 50,000 tonnes of heavy fuel oil by April 14.
The pledge is part of an aid-for-disarmament deal reached on February 13 by the United States, China, the two Koreas, Russia and Japan.
Pyongyang had 60 days from that date to make good on its promises.
Washington announced Friday that a major obstacle to the six-party process had likely been overcome, with a mechanism found to unblock 25 million dollars in frozen North Korean funds.
North Korea has refused to return to the talks or fulfil its promises under the February deal until the money is returned.
The Al-Jazeera news channel broadcast a video recording Sunday of what it said was one of the most wanted members of Saddam Hussein's regime still on the run.
The Qatar-based network gave no date for the purported footage of elite Republican Guards chief Saifeddin Fulayh Hassan Taha al-Rawi, who was number 14 on the most wanted list drawn up by the US military for the 2003 invasion.
Rawi, who carries a one million dollar US bounty on his head, was also jack of spades on the deck of cards of 55 most wanted supects distributed by the Pentagon at the outset of the invasion.
In the footage shown, Rawi accuses US forces of using neutron and phosphorus bombs during their assault on Baghdad airport ahead of the capture of the Iraqi capital.
His face is difficult to identify due to low light, but he is seen sitting in what appears to be a living room wearing a black and white kefiya, the traditional Arab headdress.
The enemy used neutron and phosporus weapons against Baghdad airport... there were bodies burnt to their bones, he says, adding that elite Iraqi soldiers fought until they were martyred.
The channel said that the clip was an excerpt from a longer interview, more of which it would air later.
At least 20 people are missing after a cargo vessel sank following a collision with another ship off eastern China on Sunday, Chinese state media said.
The 6,500-ton cargo ship Harvest was en route from Shanghai to Vietnam when it collided with the Chinese cargo ship Jinhaikun in Taizhou Bay at 4:00 a.m on Sunday, the official Xinhua news agency said.
All 20 crew from the sunken vessel were missing - 19 Chinese and one Indonesian. 
The ship was registered outside China, the agency said without specifying the country of origin.
The 17,061-ton Chinese vessel was from the eastern coastal city of Fuzhou and heading for the port of Zhangjiagang in the Yangtze delta, it said.
The smaller ship sank immediately after the collision, prompting the coastguard and navy to mount a full-scale search and rescue operation off China's Zhejiang province.
Maritime police were investigating the cause of the collision, the agency said.
Slovenian Martin Strel, after braving crocodiles, piranhas, disease and the threat of an imminent heart attack, on Sunday completed a record-setting 66-day, 3,274-mile (5,268 km) swim down the Amazon River and was taken to a hospital.
Thousands of people were on hand in the Brazilian colonial city of Belem as an exhausted Strel, 52, made his final stroke, and was pulled from the water.
On Saturday, Strel had officially set a Guinness Book of World Records mark when he hit the 3,274-mile point, the swimmer's support team said on his Web site.
After arriving in Belem, Strel was placed in an ambulance and medics worked to stabilize his blood pressure, which was at near-heart attack levels, his support team said on the Web site.
Strel has been suffering from nausea, diarrhea, dangerously high blood pressure, sunstroke, dizziness and delirium.
Due to his deteriorating health, Strel had been swimming six hours and then resting for six hours in his final leg down the world's most voluminous and second longest river.
On Friday, Strel had to be hauled from the water by his son Borut and others and had difficulty standing. 
His doctor ordered him not to swim but Strel, obsessed with reaching Belem, insisted on swimming the final few miles at night to avoid the blistering sun.
I just want to finish and go home, he said on his Web site.
Nicknamed fish man, Strel started his latest big-river swim on Feb. 1 at the Peruvian jungle town of Atalaya, where buckets of animal blood had to be poured into the river to distract piranha from making a quick meal of the swimmer.
Strel formally finish his marathon swim down the Amazon four days ahead of schedule on Saturday.
In the last leg of his journey, Strel said the ocean tides coming up river were driving him backward at times.
Along the trip, Strel and his team had several near misses with pirate attacks and often had to steer toward swift flowing currents to avoid being set upon by piranha. 
This resulted in Strel being swept away in a giant whirlpool once and separated from his team and boat another time.
The team was constantly at risk of parasites and disease in the Amazon such as malaria and yellow fever.
I think the animals have just accepted me. 
I've been swimming with them for such a long time that they must think I'm one of them now, Strel said recently on the BBC.
Foreign Secretary Margaret Beckett said on Thursday Britain does not intend to send any more troops to Iraq.
U.S. President George W. Bush said on Wednesday night that he is sending 21,500 extra troops to Iraq which he believes are needed to help break the cycle of violence.
Asked about Britain's plans, Beckett told reporters It is not our intention to send more troops at the present.
A senior Russian army commander said Thursday that the planned deployment by Washington of Patriot missiles and an aircraft carrier in the Middle East was aimed against Iran.
It's not difficult to understand what country these military forces and equipment are expected to engage with...obviously against Iran, said General Vladimir Shamanov, a top aide to Russian Defence Minister Sergei Ivanov.
On Wednesday, President George W. Bush unveiled plans to increase the number of US troops in Iraq, as well as to deploy anti-missile Patriot missiles and an aircraft carrier in the region.
Russia has supplied Iran with Tor-M1 surface-to-air missile systems, which are intended for the defence of government and military installations. Moscow is also helping to build Iran's first nuclear reactor.
Bangladeshi President Iajuddin Ahmed Thursday declared a state of emergency and imposed a curfew in the country ahead of disputed elections on January 22, state television reported.
One person was killed and dozens were injured Thursday as coca farmers and middle class youths clashed in the streets of Cochabamba over plans by the local governor for regional autonomy.
As rival protesters beat each other with sticks and stones, police responded with tear gas to disperse the unruly demonstrators after failing to keep the two groups apart.
The coca farmers, all supporters of leftist President Evo Morales and his controversial reform program, were calling for the resignation of the Cochabamba region's governor, Manfred Reyes, for proposing a referendum on state autonomy to counter the central government's expanding authority.
Young people mostly of middle-class background held a counter-demonstration in support of the governor and against the socialist policies of the Morales administration.
The city of a half million people has been paralyzed since Monday by protesting farmers who have cut all road access to the city and have staged daily demonstrations.
The unrest followed similar clashes Monday between thousands of coca farmers and the police that left 31 people injured, including 10 journalists, in this city 400 kilometers (250 miles) southeast of La Paz.
Bolivia has been increasingly divided between the poor, mostly indigenous highlands and the wealthy lowlands since Morales, 55, a one-time legislator on behalf of coca-growing districts and the country's first native Indian president, took power a year ago with an ambitious socialist agenda.
The four wealthy, eastern lowland provinces of Santa Cruz, Beni, Pando and Tarija have laid claim to greater autonomy in the wake of Morales's moves to redistribute land holdings among poorer Bolivians and rewrite the constitution.
Cochabamba leaders recently joined the autonomy movement.
The Secretary General of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC) Professor Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu voiced serious concern over the recent escalation of military conflict in Somalia, particularly the air strikes in the south of the country, which has reportedly resulted in the loss of innocent lives and widespread damage to property. 
He also announced plans to shortly dispatching a high-level OIC mission to visit Somalia and its neighboring countries as part of the peace mission.
In a press statement, the OIC chief cautioned that this unnecessary military action could seriously undermine the progress achieved so far for the attainment of lasting peace, stability and reconciliation in the country and had the potential to engulf the entire region and even beyond. 
Prof. Ihsanoglu strongly appealed to all Somalis, particularly the leaders of different factions, to work for the stability of their country as well as to cease hostilities and to sincerely strive towards genuine national reconciliation. 
He also made an appeal to all neighboring countries of Somalia and global powers to immediately end their military intervention in the country.
The OIC secretary general urged the United Nations and the international community to play an effective role in expeditiously stabilizing the extremely volatile situation in Somalia. 
The General Secretariat continues to closely follow the developments in Somalia and to work with the international community to achieve peace, normalcy and national reconciliation in the country, statement added.  
A Argentine judge on Thursday issued an arrest warrant for former President Maria Estela Martinez de Peron, the leader more commonly known as Isabel Peron, for the disappearance of a student activist in the 1970s.
Judge Hector Acosta issued the warrant against the widow of legendary former President Juan Peron in San Rafael in the western province of Mendoza. 
He said she must be held accountable for the disappearance of Hector Aldo Fagetti Gallego in 1976.
The judge said the man vanished after Peron allegedly signed an order to her military to rid the country of subversive elements.
Peron, who now lives in Madrid, took over as president after the death of her husband. 
Her government was overthrown by a coup in 1976.
Another federal judge is investigating her involvement with the Argentine Anti-Communist Alliance, a right-wing death squad known as the Triple A.
The group was founded by a government minister during Peron's time as president, and is allegedly responsible for the deaths of 1,500 people.
At least seven people including a senior judge were shot dead in the Pakistani city of Lahore Friday in what appeared to be an attack by political rivals in the central Punjab province, news reports said.
Additional Advocate General Arif Bhinder was travelling with a police escort when gunmen in two vehicles ambushed the convoy in the provincial capital, the private Geo TV channel reported.
The attack on a busy road in the city centre left at least seven people dead and more than 10 others injured, police said. 
One of the assailants and three security personnel were among those killed in the exchange of fire.
Tensions grew as hundreds of locals including relatives of the victims gathered outside the hospital where the injured were taken for treatment. 
The death toll could increase as four of the victims were believed to be in a critical condition, Geo said.
Communist-run Vietnam plans to privatise more than 100 state-owned firms this year and next, including the oil and gas industries, Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung said on Friday.
Speaking on the sidelines of a regional summit in the Philippines, Dung also told Reuters that Vietnam, which became an official member of the World Trade Organisation on Thursday, would boost transparency to attract more foreign investment.
That's our plan in 2007 and 2008, to privatise or equitise all these 104 companies, including Vietnam Airlines and the oil and gas industries.
Vietnam will also boost its openness and transparency as the other members of WTO and as regulated by the WTO.
Air attacks against fugitive Islamists in south Somalia in recent days have mistakenly targeted nomadic herdsmen gathering round fires, killing 70, British-based aid agency Oxfam said on Friday.
Under international law, there is a duty to distinguish between military and civilian targets, Oxfam added, citing its local partner organisations in Somalia for the information.
Washington sent a warplane into Somalia on Monday to try and take out what U.S. officials say are top al Qaeda suspects hiding with the Islamists.
Ethiopia, which helped the interim government of Somalia oust rival Islamists from Mogadishu over the New Year, has also been carrying out air raids against the retreating fighters.
While some Somali sources have reported scores of deaths, there has been no independent confirmation on the ground.
Oxfam is receiving reports from its partner organisations in Somalia that nomadic herdsmen have been mistakenly targeted in recent bombing raids, Oxfam said in a statement released in Nairobi.
According to the reports from local organisations in Afmadow district, bombs have hit vital water sources as well as large groups of nomads and their animals who had gathered round large fires at night to ward off mosquitoes.
Further reports have also confirmed that bombings have claimed the lives of 70 people in the district.
Since the open warfare started in late December, some 70,000 Somalis have fled their homes, exacerbating an already dire humanitarian situation, Oxfam said.
An Indian traffic policeman has been transferred for not realising that celebrities are sometimes above the law and trying to fine one of the country's biggest cricket stars, newspapers reported on Friday.
Inspector Saifuddin Ahmed thought he was just doing his job when he stopped an expensive sports car in the eastern city of Ranchi for having dark tinted windows -- an offence in India.
But sitting behind those windows was cricketer Mahendra Singh Dhoni, one of India's hottest celebrities and a hero in his home state of Jharkhand, of which Ranchi is the capital.
Early reports said an unfazed Ahmed insisted Dhoni hand over the 900-rupee fine ($20).
Local police have since backpedalled, saying Dhoni was allowed to drive on after waving a letter from local authorities giving him special dispensation to break the law.
Ahmed has now been transferred in what is an apparent demotion from the downtown commercial district to a downmarket residential bazaar, the Hindustan Times reported on Friday.
The state's chief minister was reported as saying that celebrities should expect special treatment when it comes to the law, a widely held notion in India's upper echelons.
The police should be liberal while dealing with persons of his stature, Madhu Koda was quoted as saying by the newspaper.
What is the harm if a person of his standing uses a car with tinted glass windows
A suicide attacker rammed a bomb-filled minivan into a vehicle carrying foreigners south of the Afghan capital Friday, wounding a US national and two Afghan civilians, police said.
The blast was in the Logar province about 50 kilometres (30 miles) from the capital, the city's criminal investigation chief Ali Shah Paktiawal told AFP from the site.
Paktiawal said the targeted vehicle was not a military car and the wounded American was not a soldier.
The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force said the car belonged to US civilian contractors. 
ISAF said the explosion was not a suicide attack but an AFP photographer at the scene saw the body of the man police said was the suicide attacker. 
The targeted car was burning, the photographer said.
Taliban militants waging an insurgency against the US-backed government ramped up their use of suicide bombings in Afghanistan last year as part of an increasingly deadly guerrilla-like campaign.
ISAF has said there were about 117 suicide bombings in 2006. 
Although most were targeted at military forces, they killed about 200 civilians and nearly 70 Afghan and foreign soldiers, according to ISAF records.
East Timor's police chief and his two deputies have resigned but no reason was given, the interior minister of the troubled nation said Friday.
Interior Minister Alcino Barris said police commissioner Paulo Fatima Martins would however continue to work in the East Timor National Police (PNTL) force.
(Martins) resigned as general commissioner but will still be working as a superintendent, Barris told reporters.
Deputy police chiefs Ismail Babo and Nuno Saldanha also resigned their posts but remained as inspectors.
Even though they submitted resignation letters, they are still members of the police force and will still receive their salaries, Barris explained.
The minister said he had no candidates lined up to replace the three.
East Timor's police force was pulled from the streets following violence in April and May last year after clashes between security force factions which quickly degenerated into street violence.
A commission has been reevaluating all police officers to see whether they should resume duty or face disciplinary or judicial action in relation to the deadly violence.
This is a gentlemanly act from a PNTL leader. 
He sacrificed his position to support the restructuring within the PNTL, Aniceto Neves from the National University of Timor Leste told AFP. 
(His) resignation made the evaluation process easier, he said. 
The unrest last year led to the deaths of at least 37 people and forced about 15 percent of East Timor's population to flee their homes.
Stability has largely returned to the fledgling nation following the arrival of foreign peacekeepers and UN police and the installation of a new government in July headed by Prime Minister Jose Ramos-Horta, a Nobel Peace Prize winner.
New York senator and 2008 presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton is to visit Iraq and Afghanistan this weekend to meet government officials and US military leaders, her office said Friday.
The former first lady, who voted for the Iraq war in 2002 but has since turned into a vocal critic of the campaign, was traveling with fellow Democratic Senator Evan Bayh and Republican Congressman John McHugh.
Our nation continues to face serious and growing challenges in both Iraq and Afghanistan. 
At this critical juncture, I am eager to express my gratitude to our troops on the ground, Clinton said in a statement ahead of the visit.
I am eager as well to hear from our commanders on the ground a frank assessment of our missions in those countries.
I am also looking forward to meeting Iraqi leaders and American civilian officials to hear their view on the current situation in Iraq, she said.
Clinton summarily came out against President George W. Bush's proposals announced this week to send some 20,000 more US troops into Iraq, describing the plan as a proposed escalation of the war in Iraq.
The president's Iraq policy has been marred by incompetence and arrogance as his administration has refused to recognize the military and political reality on the ground, she said.
US President George W. Bush on Friday discussed his new Iraq plan and Middle East peace efforts with Jordan's King Abdullah II and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak, the White House said.
The leaders discussed Bush's push to increase US troop levels in Iraq, US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice's upcoming trip to the region, and efforts to make progress on the so-called road map to Middle East peace, said national security spokesman Gordon Johndroe.
Two Israeli soldiers whose capture in July by guerrillas from the Lebanese movement Hezbollah sparked a 34-day war, are still alive, a former Lebanese president was quoted Friday as saying.
Amin Gemayel was approached by a reporter from the Israeli daily Maariv on the sidelines of a conference in Madrid on the Middle East peace process and asked to make a statement on the fate of the two men.
Maariv said that Roger Eddeh, a Lebanese delegation member, replied: They are alive, and that Gemayel confirmed the statement.
Asked if there was a reasonable chance the two soldiers would return home alive and unharmed, Gemayel said: We all hope that this will indeed happen.
It was not clear how Gemayel, who belongs to a political faction at odds with Hezbollah, would be privy to information about the fate of the soldiers.
Gemayel was president of Lebanon from 1982 to 1988.
The fate of Ehud Goldwasser and Eldad Regev, who were captured in a cross-border raid on July 12, has been the subject of much speculation.
Last month, Israeli military officials said the two had been seriously wounded in the attack, in which three soldiers were killed, and that one of them was in critical condition.
A few days earlier, Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert had told parliament he did not know if the soldiers were alive.
Twenty-two Muslim pilgrims leaving Saudi Arabia by bus were killed in a road crash near the border with the United Arab Emirates, the Saudi Press Agency reported on Friday.
It said those killed and the 24 injured were from Syria, Egypt, Pakistan and Kyrgyzstan.
Some 2.5 million Muslims finished performing the annual haj pilgrimage earlier this month in Saudi Arabia.
Thousands of Hamas supporters poured into the streets of the Gaza Strip after Friday prayers to denounce one of Fatah's most powerful leaders, ratcheting up tensions between the rival Palestinian factions.
Both the ruling Hamas movement and once-dominant Fatah have mounted large rallies in Gaza and the occupied West Bank in recent days, trying to whip up public support and project strength amid the mounting internal violence.
Hamas supporters emerged from mosques on Friday waving green Hamas flags and chanted slogans accusing Mohammad Dahlan, a Fatah strongman and possible successor to President Mahmoud Abbas, of being the mastermind of a coup against its nine-month-old government.
Dahlan is a traitor, they chanted.
Hamas accused Dahlan in December of masterminding a plot to kill Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh of Hamas, a charge Dahlan denied.
Tawfiq Abu Khoussa, a Fatah spokesman, accused Hamas of trying to spark more fighting. 
We urge Hamas to return to its senses before it is too late, he said. 
At least 30 Palestinians have been killed in factional fighting since Abbas called last month for early elections to try to break a deadlock with Hamas.
The Islamic militant group, whose charter calls for Israel's destruction, took control of the Palestinian government in March after beating Fatah in parliamentary elections.
Three Palestinians were injured in fighting on Friday between the rival groups.
Listen Dahlan, our ideal is the Prophet Mohammad and not Olmert and Bush, Hamas supporters chanted, referring to Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and U.S. President George W. Bush. Listen Dahlan, our choice is Jihad. It is not treason.
Dahlan has close ties to Washington and is expected to be among the Palestinian officials to meet U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice during her visit to the region, starting on Saturday.
At least three members of Ivory Coast's security forces were shot dead in an attack on check points close to the border with Ghana early on Friday, military and local council sources said.
A local council worker in the town of Aboisso, close to the border, told Reuters two military police officers and a customs officer were killed. 
Another seven security forces had been injured, four of them seriously, he said.
He said the attack appeared to be an act of banditry rather than politically motivated. 
The West African state has been divided into a rebel-held north and government south since a brief 2002-03 civil war that began after a failed coup.
I confirm there were at least three killed in the attack this morning at the border with Ghana, a military official at the army headquarters in the main city Abidjan said.
Our forces are leading (search) operations in the area even if the situation is now under control, he told Reuters.
The former French colony had closed its land border with Ghana temporarily for investigations to be carried out, another senior military official and the French embassy said.
One gendarme posted near to the border said two attackers had been arrested. 
He said the attacks had targeted the main border post with Ghana and a smaller check point several km (miles) inland.
Ivory Coast's border with Ghana has been the scene of violent attacks in the past.
A mob of villagers attacked a check point near Aboisso in November with clubs and machetes, angry the police presence was preventing local cocoa growers smuggling their beans to Ghana where they sell for higher prices.
The villagers, some of them armed with 12-bore shotguns they use to hunt small birds and animals in the bush, burned the border post down.
The nine South Koreans and one Nigerian taken hostage by armed men in southern Nigeria were released late Friday afternoon, a government spokesman for the southern state of Bayelsa told AFP.
They released all 10 of the hostages. 
He added the men are in Warri, in neighbouring Delta state, and currently the nearest town with a functioning airport.
Company officials are there to collect them, he said.
The men are employed by Daewoo and were subcontracted to build a pipeline for Anglo-Dutch oil giant Shell. 
They were taken hostage early on Wednesday morning by an armed group that so far remains unidentified.
All are in good health. 
No ransom was paid, the spokesman, Welson Ekiyor said.
Former heavyweight boxing champion Mike Tyson has been indicted for drug possession and driving under the influence of drugs by an Arizona grand jury, authorities said on Friday.
Tyson, 40, faces two counts each of felony drug possession and misdemeanor driving under the influence in connection with his Dec. 29 arrest in Scottsdale, Arizona, Maricopa County Attorney Andrew Thomas said. 
Thomas said he was seeking prison time for the former boxer, who has a long record of legal troubles. 
If convicted, Tyson faces more than seven years' imprisonment.
The embattled fighter was taken into custody after nearly colliding his black BMW into a sheriff's car after leaving a nightclub, according to court documents.
He was found with cocaine on him and in his vehicle, police said. 
In court documents, the arresting officer said Tyson admitted to using cocaine that day and revealed he was addicted to the illegal drug.
Tyson attorney Tom Marlowe could not immediately be reached for comment on Friday.
Tyson served three years in an Indiana prison following a 1992 rape conviction and was sentenced in 1999 to a year in prison after pleading no contest to two misdemeanor assault charges in Maryland. He was released after 3 1/3 months.
US President George W. Bush has vowed he will go ahead with plans to send an extra 21,500 troops into Iraq even if the opposition-controlled Congress tries to stop him, CBS television said Friday.
Bush, who is commander-in-chief of the armed forces, has told the US channel in an interview on a 60 Minutes program to be aired Sunday that he will override Congress's objections to the strategy aimed at ending the violence in Iraq.
Asked by 60 Minutes if he had the authority to press ahead without congressional backing, Bush says: I think in this situation I do and I fully understand (Congress) could try to stop me from doing it.
But I made my decision, we're going forward.
Bush has faced a barrage of criticism since he unveiled his new strategy to end the violence which has killed more than 3,000 US troops in Iraq.
A rocket hit the US embassy in Athens on Friday, in an attack claimed by a left-wing group that raised fears of a resurgence of extremist violence in Greece.
The rocket damaged the building, but there were no casualties.
Public Order Minister Vyron Polydoras said the authorities were investigating the credibilty of call from the Revolutionary Struggle organisation assuming responsibility.
The radical left wing outfit has staged other operations in recent years which have made it the most feared extremist group in Greece.
A police source said investigators found the remains of a Russian-made anti-tank rocket at the embassy, which is on one of Athens' busiest highways.
I'm treating (this) as a very serious attack, US ambassador Charles Ries told reporters outside the modern glass-fronted building.
We did not expect anything, but the embassy is always guarded carefully, said Ries, who added that he was confident that the effort to damage the strong relations between the United States and Greece will not succeed.
Both the embassy and the US consulate in the northern city of Salonika were closed for security reasons.
US institutions, banks and companies have been frequently targeted by  militant groups in Greece in recent decades. 
A CIA station chief was assassinated in Athens in 1975.
Polydoras said Friday's strike constituted an attempt to revive terrorist (activity) but he predicted it would fail.
It is probably domestic activity ... as is seen from the apparent assumption of responsibility by Revolutionary Struggle, he said.
Police said the rocket penetrated the building near the front-entrance emblem and exploded inside, damaging a toilet on the third floor, which also houses the ambassador's office.
The missile was fired at 5:58 am (0358 GMT) and caused minor damage to the front windows and the roof.
All evidence points to the rocket having been fired from an adjacent worksite lot, where a building was recently demolished, a senior police officer told AFP on condition of anonymity.
Several windows were smashed around the eagle emblem on the facade and there were burn marks on the adjacent wall.
US embassy officials waited at least 15 minutes after the blast before allowing Greek police access to the courtyard, and over an hour before letting them into the building proper, a police source said.
Revolutionary Struggle is believed to have carried out six attacks in recent years, including a May 30 explosion near the home of Polydoras' predecessor as public order minister, George Voulgarakis.
Previous attacks included one on a police station 100 days before the 2004 Athens Olympics and another in December 2005 against the economy ministry in central Athens.
Friday's incident is one of the most serious since the 2002 break-up of the November 17.
Group which carried out several attacks against foreign diplomats and military personnel, including the assassination of the CIA station chief.
A night-time swoop by US forces on an Iranian office in northern Iraq triggered strong criticism Friday, with Kurdish leaders and even Moscow branding the raid unacceptable.
In the early hours of Thursday, US troops dropped from helicopters stormed an Iranian liaison office in Iraqi Kurdistan and detained six Iranian employees.
The raid came on the heels of a warning by US President George W. Bush that the United States would crack down on Iranian meddling in Iraq, where US commanders believe Tehran's agents arm militias and incite anti-US attacks.
The US military later said it had freed one of the six people detained in the controversial raid on the Iranian government building in Arbil, the capital of the northern Iraqi Kurdistan region.
Iraq's Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari said the office had not yet become a full-fledged consulate, indicating that the raid had not violated any diplomatic protocols as had initially been claimed in Tehran.
It is a liaison office. 
There was a request to change it into consulate, Zebari told AFP, adding that the office had been operational for 10 years.
We had already agreed with the Iranians to open consulates in Arbil and Sulaimaniyah in return for opening (Iraqi) consulates in (Iranian cities) Mashhad and Ahwaz. 
These procedures have not been finalised, he said.
Asked about the remaining five detainees Zebari said: They are not with us. 
They are with the Americans.
We contacted the US embassy and submitted all the information available to us on the nature of their work and the place of their work. 
They have been working under the approval of the government, he said.
The US military confirmed that the five employees were in its custody.
In Washington, State Department deputy spokesman Tom Casey said the Arbil office was targeted because there was information that we had that the individuals there were associated with attacks against multinational forces, against Iraqi forces.
Certainly there's also been information linking this facility to Revolutionary Guard and other Iranian elements ... that are fomenting violence in Iraq, he said.
The claim that this was somehow an innocent diplomatic facility seems to ring hollow in light of that, he said.
Describing the operation, Kurdish witnesses said US soldiers surrounded the building, just 100 metres (yards) from the Kurdistan administration in downtown Arbil, dropped off by helicopters and two Humvee military vehicles.
The commandos threw stun grenades in a show of force.
There were no clashes with security guards but US grenades shattered windows of the two-storey building as troops ordered all those inside to surrender before lowering the Iranian flag and abandoning the premises. 
Fuad Hussein, a senior official in the Kurdish presidency, said the regional government, one of the staunchest US allies in the Middle East, had not been given advance warning about the arrest operation.
Pakistan on Friday rejected claims that the Al-Qaeda terror network is strengthening and building worldwide connections from safe havens in the South Asian country.
Top US spy John Negroponte told the US Senate on Thursday that Pakistan contained crucial sanctuaries for Al-Qaeda, the terrorist organization that poses the greatest threat to the United States.
We have captured or killed numerous senior Al-Qaeda operatives, but Al-Qaeda's core elements are resilient, said Negroponte, the director of national intelligence (DNI).
The terrorists are cultivating stronger operational connections and relationships that radiate outward from their leaders' secure hideout in Pakistan to affiliates throughout the Middle East, North Africa and Europe, he said.
Pakistan's foreign ministry described the comments as questionable criticism and urged Negroponte to acknowledge the country's role in breaking the back of Al-Qaeda, responsible for the September 11 attacks in 2001.
The ministry said Pakistan had done more than any other country to fight terrorism, a feat that had been recognised by the White House and the international community. 
Pakistan remains committed to fighting international terrorism and extremism. 
In this endeavour, the focus must always remain on cooperation instead of questionable criticism, the ministry said in a statement.
Negroponte said Pakistan is a frontline partner in the war on terror that has captured several Al-Qaeda leaders.
Many of our most important interests intersect in Pakistan, where the Taliban and Al-Qaeda maintain critical sanctuaries, Negroponte said.
He made the comments to the Senate Select Intelligence Committee as part of his office's annual threat assessment.
Pakistan said although Al-Qaeda elements were active in the Middle East, North Africa and Europe, it would be incorrect to link them to any remnants of Al-Qaeda in Pakistan.
When Mr. Negroponte mentions the capture and killing of hundreds of Al-Qaeda members since 9/11, he should acknowledge the efforts of the country that made this possible, the foreign ministry statement said.
Pakistan would continue to pursue Al-Qaeda remnants as well as other terrorists and extremist elements, the statement said.
We are addressing this challenge first and foremost in the interest of our security and peace and development of our society, it went on.
Pakistan says it has arrested more than 700 Al-Qaeda operatives but consistently denies claims that Al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden is hiding in its rugged tribal territory bordering Afghanistan.
The statement singled out comments from the head of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan on Thursday that Pakistan's help was crucial in the fight against a deadly insurgency in the neighbouring war-ravaged nation.
Pakistan has deployed around 80,000 troops to hunt down Al-Qaeda fugitives who sneaked across the border from Afghanistan after the ouster of the fundamentalist Taliban regime there in late 2001.
Around 60,000 people have been displaced in Sri Lanka by flooding caused by torrential monsoon rains, the government said on Saturday, while the death toll from landslides a day earlier rose to 13.
Sri Lanka's central tea-growing hills are prone to landslides during the monsoon, particularly in the district of Nuwara Eliya renowned for its lush plantations, where the deaths occurred on Friday.
A total of 12,500 families have been affected due to the floods and landslides, Major-General Gamini Hettiarrachchi, head of the National Disaster Management Centre, told Reuters. 
That is about 60,000 people.
The southeastern disitrict of Hambantota, which was pounded by the 2004 tsunami, was badly affected.
Hundreds of houses were damaged and thousands of people remain stranded in the central hills, said the government, which is temporarily housing the displaced in schools and welfare centres.
Japanese actor Shingo Mukai, who went missing in the port city of Cartagena on January 5, was found dead last week and buried by the Colombian city because it could not identify him, the mayor said Friday.
Mukai, 31, was discovered in the mouth of a river in the Caribbean city with his neck broken on January 6, said Cartagena Mayor Nicolas Curi.
Because he had no documents and the body was decomposing, he was quickly buried, Curi said.
The mayor said he was told that Mukai disappeared January 5 after bolting out of a taxi in a panic attack while two companions were paying the driver, who had taken them back from a party outside Cartagena.
The man asked to be let out or that he would jump out, Curi said. 
So the cab driver stopped and the man ran away.
Forensics experts were waiting for dental records from the Japanese embassy in Bogota to confirm Mukai's identity.
The United States should not withdraw troops from Iraq even if its plan to send in 20,000 extra forces to stabilize the country fails, US Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Friday.
In a second day of grilling before a skeptical US Congress, Gates acknowledged the new plan unveiled by President George W. Bush on Wednesday sets no timetable for disarming Shiite and Sunni militias behind the mounting sectarian violence.
If we talk about the consequences of the American failure and defeat in Iraq, then saying, 'If you don't do this, we'll leave, and we'll leave now,' does not strike me as being in the national interests of the United States, he said.
So the question will be: What different kind of strategy might we be able to come up with that would have some prospect of avoiding a failure or a defeat in Iraq?
Democrats, who now control Congress, have called for a withdrawal of US forces from Iraq in four to six months time -- a proposal Gates rejected as little more than an invitation to the insurgents to wait it out.
I think it is highly likely that there would be a significant increase in sectarian violence in Iraq, that the government would probably begin to come apart, that the army might come apart, and that you would probably have outside elements, he said.
A senior US military official, who briefed reporters on condition of anonymity, said Thursday the Iraqis have lifted restrictions on deliberate targeting of certain protected extremists leaders.
They also dropped restrictions on military operations in certain areas of the city such as Sadr City, the stronghold of radical cleric Moqtada Al-Sadr and his Jaish Al-Mahdi (JAM) militia.
But the official said US forces were unlikely to go head to head against militias, unless attacked. There is not a military solution for the JAM, he said.
A group of Iranians detained by US forces in Iraq in a new effort to counter Tehran's alleged support for violent attacks had links to Iran's Revolutionary Guards, a senior US official said Friday.
Six Iranians were nabbed in a night-time swoop by US forces on an office in the northern Iraq city of Arbil early Thursday, prompting protests from Iran and strong criticism from other governments.
State Department deputy spokesman Tom Casey said the Arbil office was targeted because there was information that we had that the individuals there were associated with attacks against multinational forces, against Iraqi forces, he said.
Certainly there's also been information linking this facility to Revolutionary Guard and other Iranian elements ... that are fomenting violence in Iraq, he said.
Casey confirmed that one of the six people detained had been released and the other five were still in custody of US forces, who are continuing to investigate the incident.
Earlier Friday State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said none of the detained Iranians held diplomatic passports and that the Arbil office had no diplomatic status.
It was a building that the Iranians were using, occupying, it was Iraqi territory, he said.
Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan on Friday reaffirmed Turkey's right to send troops into Iraq to crush Kurdish rebels there and chided U.S. officials for questioning it.
The Turkish Republic will do whatever is necessary to combat the terrorists when the time comes, but it will not announce its plans in advance, Erdogan told a news conference after a meeting of his ruling AK Party.
We say we are ready to take concrete steps with the Iraqi government and we also say these steps must be taken now.
In sharp language underscoring Turkish anxiety about the chaos in Iraq, Erdogan said it was wrong for Washington -- our supposed strategic ally -- to tell Turkey, with its historic and cultural ties in the region, to stay out of Iraq.
We have a 350 km border with Iraq. 
We have historic relations ... the United States is 10,000 km away from Iraq, and yet is it not intervening in Iraq's internal affairs? he said. 
Ankara has long complained that the United States and Iraqi government have failed to crack down on Kurdish rebels, and periodically asserts its right under international law to conduct cross-border operations against the guerrillas.
More than 30,000 people have been killed since the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), branded a terrorist organisation by the EU and the U.S. as well as Ankara, launched an armed struggle for an ethnic homeland in southeast Turkey in 1984. 
Up to 5,000 militants are believed to be hiding in the mountains of northern Iraq from where they have staged attacks on military and civilian targets inside Turkey.
We don't want to waste time with abstract statements, we want concrete results, said Erdogan, who has said the Iraq situation is now a bigger foreign policy priority for Turkey even than its bid to join the European Union.
Ankara's biggest nightmare is a violent breakup of Iraq and the emergence of a Kurdish state in the north that could in turn foment separatism among Turkey's own Kurds.
US Senator Hillary Clinton said Saturday during a visit to Iraq that she doubted the United States or Iraqi government can pacify the country.
I don't know that the American people or the Congress at this point believe this mission can work, she told ABC news.
And in the absence of a commitment that is backed up by actions from the Iraqi government, why should we believe it?
She spoke after meetings with top US commanders General George Casey and Lieutenant General Ray Odierno.
I'm skeptical that the Iraqi government will do what they have promised to do, and that I think is the concern of all of us who have heard this before, she told the US broadcaster.
Clinton said that the level of security during this trip was far greater than on her prior visits.
This is heartbreaking, she said. 
This is my third trip here. 
I've seen the violence and security problems increase, not decrease.
The first time I was here. 
We were not asked to wear body armor and put on helmets. 
We were not shepherded very narrowly from place to place. 
I went to Kirkuk the first time when actually General Odierno was there, she said.
We went into the city.
We had a meeting in the town hall with people.
US President George W. Bush, under great political pressure to implement a new strategy in the nearly four-year-old war, has pledged to send an additional 21,500 troops, a move opposed by as many as two out of three Americans, including Clinton, who would draw down troops.
That would really demonstrate to the Iraqis that we don't have an open-ended commitment, Clinton said. We are not going to be here providing protection for their leaders, which we do.
Protesters, demanding a new parliamentary election, blocked roads and streets by burning tires and cars.
The opposition, however, began removing roadblocks across the country Tuesday night after halting the protests, Reuters news agency quoted a senior opposition source as saying.
In the interview, Siniora denounced the protests as an undemocratic way of expressing one's opinion.
If they say they have the majority of people supporting them, then they shouldn't resort to such an action, he said.
Siniora reiterated his offer to meet some of the opposition demands to expand the Cabinet to include the opposition's representatives, but rejected their demand for veto power over ministerial decisions.
Siniora, who postponed a planned visit to Japan last November over the resignation of Shiite ministers from his government, said he expects to make the trip in spring with the aim of enhancing bilateral relations.
Japan plays a large role in the Mideast, and we are major trading partners, he noted.
A NATO delegation met with Pakistani defence authorities in the city of Rawalpindi on Wednesday to discuss greater cooperation and the aftermath of a coalition forces air strike that accidentally killed a Pakistani soldier.
Pakistani Defence Secretary Tariq Waseem Ghazi raised concern over Monday's provocative act that could jeopardize the partnership between the sides, according to a ministry statement
Baldwin De Vidts, head of the NATO legal office, expressed condolences for the casualties and hope that such incidents would not happen again.
One Pakistani soldier died and two others were wounded when US aircraft aimed four bombs at suspected insurgents in the Shawal area close to the border with Afghanistan.
Vidts said Pakistan's logistical support was very essential for the NATO forces fighting the Taliban insurgency in neighbouring Afghanistan.
The recent aerial attack increased tensions between Islamabad and the international forces, which have questioned the Pakistani military's efforts to check cross-border movement of Taliban and other fighters.
Israeli troops stationed on the borders between Israel and the central Gaza Strip shot dead a Palestinian teenager Wednesday, Palestinian medical and security officials and the Israeli army said.
The teenager was crawling towards the border fence when he was shot. 
Two other Palestinians were wounded and arrested, they said.
An Israeli military spokeswoman said the soldiers had noticed the three figures some hours after midnight.
She said troops called on them to halt, fired warning shots in the air, and opened fire on them as they continued to crawl toward the fence.
Palestinian security officials said the three were shot when they were apporaching a garbage dump outside Dir al-Balach.
Gunmen shot dead an Iraqi university professor in Mashatel street in the Azamiyah district of northern Baghdad, al-Iraqiyah State TV reported Wednesday.
Dr Diyaa al-Maqwartar, who was teaching at Baghdad's Mustansiriya university, was shot in the head and chest, the report added.
The killing came a week after at least 70 people were killed and 110 others were wounded in two suicide bombings near Mustansiriya University on January 17.
Al-Maqwartar was also the chairman of a committee for consumer protection as well as being the chairman of a performance evaluation committe for a TV show broadcast by al-Sharqiyah TV.
Meanwhile, Iraq's higher education minister survived an attempt on his life when, according to a ministry spokesman, armed men attacked his convoy, killing his personal guard and wounding another.
Abd Ziyab al-Ojeily was attacked in southern Baghdad.
Unknown armed men had hidden in a bush to the side of a highway near Dawra district, and according to the spokesman, Bassel al-Khatib, the men immediately opened fire as the minister's procession passed by.
The armed men and al-Ojeily's guards reportedly exchanged fire. 
One of al-Ojeily's bodyguards was shot down while the other was ""seriously"" wounded.
The minister survived the assassination attempt unscathed.
Spanish police Wednesday arrested a suspected Islamist on charges of links with a terrorist organization, police said.
The detainee was identified as Abdellatif Nekkavi. 
The Moroccan was captured in Badalona near Barcelona.
Police searched addresses in Badalona and other places in the Barcelona region, and were reportedly looking for another suspect.
The arrest was made in connection with the 2004 Madrid train bombings and the subsequent detentions of Islamists suspected of sending activists to Iraq.
Nekkavi was believed to have helped to send funds to Iraq and to have supported a holy war against the West, the Interior Ministry said.
He was also allegedly involved in obtaining fake identity documents for Islamists travelling to Iraq.
At least 29 people face trial on February 15 for the Madrid bombings, which killed 191 and injured more than 1,500 people.
A hijacking attempt has ended without any casualties after a plane with 103 people on board was diverted and landed safely in Chad on Wednesday, an airport employee in the capital N'Djamena said.
The hijacker was arrested by Chadian authorities after the plane landed and all 103 people descended.
The passengers have all come off the plane and are at the airport now. 
No one is injured and the hijacker has been arrested, said Fatima Zara, an employee at the N'Djamena airport.
She said the hijacker was a Sudanese refugee who wanted to route the plane to Britain, but this could not be confirmed.
The assailant, who was not armed according to Zara, hijacked a Sudanese passenger plane with 103 people on board.
There were 85 passengers on board the Boeing 737 plane in addition to 18 crew members, but their nationalities were not yet known.
The plane, which belongs to the private Sudanese Air West company, departed Khartoum Airport heading for El-Fasher in western Darfur, an airline source said.
The hijacker had forced the pilot to fly to Chad's capital N'Djamena, the source added. 
Another source at Khartoum airport said the plane was hijacked while in the air, 30 minutes after taking off.
Al-Jazeera TV reported that a number of top Sudanese officials were among the plane passengers.
A major police crackdown on the trafficking of foreign immigrants in Italy led Wednesday to the arrest of more than 780 suspects and a further 1,300 being reported to the authorities.
Police said the suspects, most of them from Eastern Europe and Africa, were apprehended during concerted early morning raids across Italy. 
They are accused of abetting illegal immigration and of forcing scores of young women to prostitute themselves.
Operation Spartacus, codenamed after the famous Roman gladiator-slave, was hailed by Italy's interior minister, Giuliano Amato.
The trafficking and forced prostitution of women, and minors in particular, is one of the most ignoble crimes committed in Italy, Amato said.
Police said Wednesday's arrests capped a four-month-long investigation that allowed them to uncover how human traffickers operate in Italy.
Some girls were bought by traffickers for 200 euros (260 dollars) in their home country and were then brought to Italy, where they were forced to prostitute themselves. 
The money they earned, which averaged 5,000 euros per month, was kept by their captors. 
Women who dared rebel were often beaten and abused.
Police said one 16-year-old girl was forced to have unprotected sex and was sent back on the streets until she was six-months pregnant.
There was absolute wickedness on the part of their exploiters, police chief Francesco Gratteri told reporters.
A total of 45 girls who agreed to cooperate with the investigation were rewarded with a residence permit.
Police also seized 15 apartments, four nightclubs and three labs were prostitutes entertained their guests.
The death toll on Russian roads fell four percent last year but still stayed above 32,000, Deputy Interior Minister Alexander Chekalin said Wednesday. 
Last year 228,648 accidents happened in Russia, killing 32,621 people and injuring 284,811, Interfax news agency quoted Chekalin as saying.
Though the death toll fell, the number of accidents rose 2.4 percent on the 2005 figure, Chekalin said, blaming poor driver training for the carnage.
According to World Bank figures Russia has the highest rate of road accidents in the world, at 12 per 10,000 cars. 
Traffic police are notoriously corrupt, and driving licences are widely obtainable by bribery.
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert on Wednesday urged President Moshe Katsav to resign after it was announced he would be indicted for rape and other sex crimes.
Under these circumstances there is no doubt in my heart that the president cannot continue in his functions and he will have to leave the presidency, Olmert told a security conference, north of Tel Aviv.
Olmert spoke after Katsav said he would temporarily suspend himself from his duties, but refused growing calls that he quit his largely ceremonial post.
I announced today to the Knesset that I would suspend myself from my post, a visibly heated Katsav told reporters at his Jerusalem residence.
The law does not oblige me to resign, he said. 
I will not give in to blackmail.
After a six-month investigation, Attorney General Menahem Mazuz said on Tuesday he intends to indict the 61-year-old on a slew of charges, including raping a female employee when he was tourism minister, sexual harassment, abuse of power, breach of trust and accepting bribes.
The unprecedented action against an Israeli head of state comes amid a spate of corruption allegations against top-level politicians, including Olmert.
The United States on Wednesday urged Sudan to publicly agree to the last phase of a plan to get international peacekeepers into Darfur and prodded reluctant U.N. members to contribute troops to such a mission.
State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said Khartoum had promised cooperation with the first two phases of a U.N./African Union plan for Darfur. 
But it was balking at agreeing to the final phase, when the bulk of the international peacekeepers would move into war-torn western Sudan.
There is of course a much larger phase three program that is out there on the horizon that the Sudanese have yet to agree to And we would urge them to agree to that, McCormack told reporters.
The first phase involves allowing a small force of U.N. and military and civilian forces into Darfur, which McCormack said Sudan seemed to be complying with. 
This would be followed by a larger contingent of about 2,500 troops, but so far only Bangladesh has put forward volunteers for the second phase.
Under the third phase, about 10,000 more troops would go into Darfur to form a hybrid force with African Union troops. 
The United Nations hopes this force will total about 17,000 soldiers.
Sudan's agreement on the final phase of the plan was even more urgent given the recent spike in violence in Darfur and mounting concern over attacks on aid workers, said McCormack.
I think that what is required of the international community is constant, consistent pressure diplomatic pressure as well as constant review of whether or not the Sudanese are living up to the commitments that they said that they were going to perform on, he said.
The United States has strongly protested what it called the appalling recent attacks on aid workers and told Sudan's government it has an obligation to protect those trying to help people suffering in Darfur. 
McCormack urged the United Nations to come up with the resources and logistical support for Darfur, where more than 200,000 people have died and 2.5 million have been forced from their homes in four years of violence.
Washington has not offered any U.S. troops for the mission, but has pledged logistical support.
Lebanon's political and economic crisis takes centre stage at an international aid conference on Thursday, with the country's Western-backed leaders hoping anti-government protests don't scare away the donors.
Prime Minister Fouad Siniora has said Lebanon needs billions of dollars to help shore up its debt-riddled finances and to recover from last year's war between Israel and Shi'ite Hezbollah guerrillas.
Hezbollah is spearheading a long-running battle to topple Siniora, and France has warned that the campaign, which turned violent this week, could persuade some donors to hold back.
High ranking representatives from more than 40 countries and organisations will attend the one-day meeting, including U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and the new United Nations secretary-general, Ban Ki-moon.
The cost of helping Lebanon, however expensive that might seem, is much less than the cost of not helping Lebanon, Siniora told reporters on Wednesday.
French officials said they expected the meeting to raise at least as much as a previous donors' conference in Paris in 2002, which raked in $4.2 billion in aid and loans.
On that occasion, the United States refused to make any commitment, but Rice told reporters as she flew to Paris late on Wednesday that the United States would pledge $770 million for Lebanon, funds that must be approved by the U.S. Congress.
Yesterday's events, if anything, make more important a message from the international community that it supports the democratically elected government of Lebanon and that there should not be violence or efforts at intimidation to try and make governing more difficult for Siniora, Rice said.
France has already said it will offer a 500 million euro ($650 million) loan at very favourable conditions, while the European Commission has pledged nearly 400 million euros.
Western countries are anxious to show the Lebanese people that they have not abandoned them in the wake of the devastating July/August war against Israel which left many mainly Shi'ite areas of the country in ruins.
Hezbollah is funded by Shi'ite Iran and has promised to provide its own financial aid to the war victims.
Washington and Sunni states, including Saudi Arabia, are worried that Lebanon might fall under the influence of Tehran.
Lebanese sources said on Wednesday Saudi Arabia and Iran were negotiating a deal to end Beirut's political standoff, following clashes this week that killed three people and raised fears the country was sliding back towards civil strife.
One source said the Saudis might even present an initiative at the Paris conference.
Once affluent Lebanon is still struggling to rebuild after its 1975-1990 civil war and is weighed down by $40 billion of debt, equal to 180 percent of gross domestic product.
Some donors are likely to link their aid offers to Siniora's ability to push through an economic reform package, which was unveiled this month and includes plans for privatisations, cutting state spending, and hiking taxes.
Increased seismic activities have been recorded in the past one month in the Java-Sumatra- Andaman region of South East Asia, indicating possibility of a major disaster in the near future, according to a senior scientist at the Indian Insititute of Technology (IIT) here.
Though volcanic activities in the region had subsided after the devastating earthquake-triggered tsunami of December 2004, more than 52 earthquakes with varying magnitutde have been recorded in the last one month, D Chandrasekharam, senior professor in the Department of Earth Sciences, IIT, told PTI yesterday.
This appears to be a natural cyclic process but there is a possibility of it triggering a major disaster, he said.
Since December 25, 2006 till today morning (January 24) the entire Java-Sumatra-Andaman island subduction zone experienced more than 51 earthquakes varying in magnitude from 4.2 to 7.5 on the Richter scale, the noted earth science expert said.
These include two major earthquakes - 7.1 magnitude in Taiwan on December 26 and 7.5 in Molucca sea. 
Also 4.9 and 6.1 magnitude earthquakes were recorded in Nicobar Islands.
Majority of these events are associated with thrust fault, an underground phenomenon that had caused the 2004 tsunami killing nearly 2.5 lakh people across several countries, includig India, the scientist said.
This only shows how active this region is seismically. 
Are we prepared with our tsunami warning system to alert people well in advance about any impending natural disaster?, Chandrasekharam asked. 
Chandrasekharam said perhaps a mock trial should be carried out by India to test any tsunami warning system that it is installing.
The recent earthquakes should ring an alarm bell.
Tsunami warning systems should alert coastal population within 10 minutes of occurrence of any major disaster, he said.
Ecuador's defense minister, Guadalupe Larriva, and her daughter were killed late Wednesday in a collision between two military helicopters near a base on the Pacific coast, the president's spokesman said.
The information that we are getting is that there was an accident of two Air Force helicopters, one of which was carrying the defense minister and her daughter, who were killed, Monica Chuji, spokeswoman of the president's office, said.
Larriva took office on January 15, becoming the first woman to serve as defense minister in the country.
Emiliano Mercado del Toro, who spent just a month as the world's oldest person, died on Wednesday at his home on the northern coast of Puerto Rico at 115, the Associated Press reported, quoting his grandniece, Dolores Martinez.
He was born when Puerto Rico was still a Spanish colony and trained as a soldier the year World War I ended, the report said.
He died like a little angel, Martinez was quoted as saying.
Mercado del Toro, who was born on Aug. 21, 1891, became the oldest known person in the world last month when 116-year-old Elizabeth Lizzie Bolden died in December in a nursing home in Tennessee.
A 114-year-old Connecticut woman, Emma Faust Tillman, is now believed to be the oldest living person. Tillman, born Nov. 22, 1892, is followed by Japan's Yone Minagawa, also aged 114.
Mercado del Toro never married and had no children, according to the AP report.
Ecuadorean Defense Minister Guadalupe Larriva was killed on Wednesday in an air crash, military and government sources told Reuters.
Larriva was named as Ecuador's first woman defense minister by newly inaugurated President Rafael Correa, taking office on Jan. 15.
A university professor and leader of the country's small Socialist party, she was also one of only a few civilians to hold the post.
The United States will pledge 770 million dollars in new aid to Lebanon as part of a major international effort to rebuild the country and strengthen Prime Minister Fuad Siniora, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said Wednesday.
Rice said the package, to be formally unveiled here Thursday at an international donors conference, would bring total US aid to Lebanon to more than one billion dollars since the devastating 34-day war last July-August between Israel and the radical Islamic group Hezbollah.
Russia and Japan want to strengthen cooperation in the energy industry, the Russian foreign ministry said Wednesday following the first round of talks in a strategic dialogue series.
The sides voiced their views on the issue of ensuring energy security, confirmed readiness to seek ways to step up cooperation in this sphere, including joint projects in the oil, gas and nuclear industry, the ministry said in a statement.
Russia's First Deputy Foreign Minister Andrei Denisov and Japan's Deputy Foreign Minister Shotaro Yachi also exchanged views on a wide range of both global and regional security issues, as well as bilateral issues such as the further schedule of political dialogue, it said.
The agenda did not include talks on the four Kuril Islands which have been disputed between Moscow and Tokyo for more than 60 years.
Earlier this week, Denisov said talks on the issue would continue but not as part of the strategic dialogue.
South Korea Thursday ruled out any summit with rival North Korea until it agrees to scrap its nuclear weapons programme.
The two sides held a landmark summit in 2000 but relations have cooled in recent years because of the communist state's missile launches and nuclear weapons test.
An inter-Korean summit will be difficult for the time being, President Roh Moo-Hyun told a New Year news conference.
Only after the conclusion of the six-party talks would inter-Korean issues be fully tackled.
The six-party talks, involving the two Koreas, China, Japan, Russia and the United States, aim to persuade the North to dismantle its nuclear programme in return for energy and economic aid and security guarantees.
The next round is expected early next month and Seoul said Wednesday it expects some progress amid signs of flexibility from Washington and Pyongyang.
Roh's government has pursued a sunshine policy of engagement with its neighbour. There has been media speculation Roh may seek a summit with the North's leader Kim Jong-Il to boost the prospects of his preferred candidate in the December 2007 presidential election.
Roh also said he does not know if the North will go ahead with a second nuclear weapons test following its first in October.
I don't know if it's possible or not but we're fully prepared for any unexpected situation, he said.
The Joint Chiefs of Staff said Wednesday that Seoul would strengthen surveillance of the North's nuclear activity this year and build up defences.
US military forces carried out a second air strike in southern Somalia this week against suspected Al-Qaeda operatives, a US official confirmed Wednesday.
The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the attack Monday was directed at lesser known figures with ties to Al-Qaeda rather than senior leaders of the network in East Africa.
It wasn't any of the Al-Qaeda East Africa guys, the official said.
The Pentagon refused to confirm or deny that an AC-130 gunship carried out a strike in southern Somalia for the second time this month.
There will be times when there are activities and operations I can talk about, and there will be other times when I just won't have anything for you, said Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman. 
And I don't have anything for you on Somalia.
Whitman had previously confirmed an initial strike in southern Somalia on January 8 that also was aimed at suspected Al-Qaeda leaders in the turbulent region.
The US official said it was doubtful that the first strike got any of the big guys.
While not confirming a second strike, Whitman said, We're going to go after Al-Qaeda in the war on terror where it takes us.
We'll work closely and in cooperation with countries around the world to include this region, but the very nature of some of our operations are not conducive to public discussion, he said.
The Washington Post cited unnamed US officials as saying the AC-130 gunship was operating in close cooperation with Ethiopian forces.
Ethiopian troops entered Somalia last month to help the weak Somali government against the country's rising Islamist movement accused by many of harboring some members of Al-Qaeda.
The Ethiopians have conducted ground and air assaults in the same area, and share intelligence and operational information with the US forces, according to the Post.
The U.S. ambassador to Iraq said on Wednesday he would like British troops to stay in the country, even as pressure mounts on Prime Minister Tony Blair to reduce Britain's deployment in the south.
We are committed to the increase of the force, Zalmay Khalilzad told BBC News in an interview, referring to the planned expansion of U.S. troops on the ground.
The Brits obviously are not committed to the increasing of the force but there are various reports about further drawdowns, Khalizad said.
Asked whether he would prefer British troop numbers to remain at about 7,100 in southern Iraq, the ambassador replied: We would like the British to co-ordinate and for us to have a joint plan. We are talking about this.
It is clear what our preference would be the longer we stay together here the better.
A spokesman at Blair's Downing Street office insisted that U.S. and British strategy remained co-ordinated.
We will leave southern Iraq in negotiation with coalition partners and the government of Iraq when all three of us have decided the time is right and the conditions are right, he said.
Earlier on Wednesday, Blair said it would be deeply irresponsible to set an arbitrary deadline for pulling British forces out of Iraq. 
But the prime minister is under pressure to set such a date before he steps down later this year.
Government officials say British operations aimed at preparing for the handover of security in the southern province of Basra to Iraqi authorities could be wound up in February.
In contrast, U.S. President George W. Bush urged Congress on Tuesday to back his plan to send an additional 21,500 U.S. troops to Iraq to try to restore order in Baghdad.
Italian Prime Minister Romano Prodi's cabinet will discuss refinancing the country's controversial mission in Afghanistan on Thursday, a political source said, amid a growing political storm over the issue.
The Afghan mission was not on the cabinet meeting's official agenda but will be discussed anyway, the source said. 
Earlier this week, a Green Party minister in Prodi's fragile coalition threatened a revolt over the mission, demanding a timetable for the withdrawal of Italian troops.
Parliament has to approve funding for missions abroad every six months, and Prodi would have to rely on the opposition led by former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi for votes without Green Party support.
Italy pulled out of Iraq last year but Prodi has pledged to keep its 1,900 troops in Afghanistan, arguing that it is a peace mission. 
A recent newspaper poll showed 56 percent of Italians are now in favour of withdrawing from Afghanistan.
Al Qaeda second-in-command Ayman al-Zawahri warned Americans of a reprisal far worse than anything they have seen if Washington did not change its policies towards Muslim states.
0You are facing the Islamic rage what awaits you, should you press on (with current policies), is far worse than anything you have seen, Zawahri said in a video posted on the Internet on Wednesday.
Leaders of the militant group which carried out the Sept. 11, 2001 aircraft attacks against U.S. cities often argue that its terrorism is justified as a way to change pro-Israel U.S. policies and to punish Washington for its wars in Afghanistan and Iraq.
I will talk to you in a language you understand; If you want to live safely you have to accept reality and reject the illusions that (U.S. President George W.) Bush is trying to deceive you with, he said in the video.
Part of the video was posted earlier this week on the Web site of the U.S.-based SITE institute.
You have to try your utmost to reach an understanding with the Muslims, only then you will enjoy security. 
But if you continue with the policy of Bush and his gang then you won't dream of it, he said.
Zawahri also vowed retaliation against Ethiopian troops for helping the Somalia's interim government rout rival Islamist.
The Mujahideen will break their backs with God's power and help, Zawahri said.
Ethiopia said on Tuesday its forces began leaving the Somali capital. 
It has said it does not plan to stay after it completes its mission.
The Egyptian militant also urged Palestinians to abandon President Mahmoud Abbas as a traitor and said he had sold his religion and Palestinian land.
Nigerian gunmen have abducted two or three Chinese oil workers in the southern delta state of Bayelsa, police said on Thursday.
The men were working for the Chinese National Petroleum Company (CNPC) when they were seized by the gunmen who also looted the company's office, police said.
The abduction brings to 32 the number of foreign workers being held by armed groups in the remote swamps of the Niger Delta, Africa's oil heartland, where militancy is on the rise.
There was an attack on a Chinese company, CNPC this morning and two or three Chinese workers were abducted, Bayelsa state police commissioner Hafiz Ringim told Reuters.
The company's accounts office was also burgled, but I can't confirm how much money was taken away by the attackers, Ringim said by telephone from the state capital Yenagoa.
Another officer said one of the attackers was killed in a shootout with security forces, while others were injured. 
It was not clear if the attack was a case of robbery.
Militants and criminals seeking ransoms have kept up a series of attacks and kidnappings against foreign workers in the Niger Delta, a vast wetlands region which is home to all of Nigeria's oil resources.
Israeli troops killed a young Palestinian in the West Bank city of Tulkarm on Thursday, medics and witnesses said.
Witnesses said the troops shot dead 17-year-old Fadel Balawneh, described by Palestinian security sources as a member of Islamic Jihad, as he tried to run away from a building which the army was surrounding.
An Israeli army spokeswoman said soldiers fired at Balawneh when he tried to escape. 
The army accused him of being involved in building rockets and plotting bomb attacks against Israelis on orders from Hezbollah guerrillas in Lebanon.
Israeli forces have mounted frequent raids in the occupied West Bank since the start of a Palestinian uprising in 2000.
In Gaza, an Islamist Palestinian group which says it was behind a series of bomb attacks at Internet cafes and video stores claimed responsibility for bombing the offices of the Arab satellite channel Al-Arabiya on Monday.
The Rightful Swords of Islam said in a statement the bombing was a message to those in charge of this channel and other channels which put themselves in the service of Zionist and other gangs who have no business but to fight Islam and Muslims.
The Arabiya newsroom was empty when an explosive device placed outside detonated, police said, and no one was injured.
The group's statement, which could not immediately be authenticated, said Al-Arabiya had repeatedly spread fabricated news.
A car bomb ripped through a shopping district in central Baghdad on Thursday, killing 20 people and wounding 20 others, a police source said.
The loud blast in Karrada district rattled windows some distance away and sent up a large plume of black smoke.
A health ministry source put the death toll at 18 with 62 more wounded. 
Official casualty tolls from bomb attacks often vary because of the ensuing chaos.
The car bomb, which was followed by bursts of gunfire, was one of a string of blasts that rocked the capital including some that sparked sirens and warnings in the international Green Zone.
About an hour and a half later another blast rocked the Karrada area, near where the car bomb had exploded. 
A police source said police deliberately blew up a suspicious vehicle.
The government is preparing to launch a new security plan aimed at stemming sectarian violence in the capital, but since it was announced this month there have been a series of bombings and no sign of any let up in death squad killings.
Earlier another three people were killed and 10 wounded by a roadside bomb in Baya'a in western Baghdad and a motorbike rigged with explosives blew up at the entrance of the central Shurja market, killing four people and wounding 20, police said.
A car bomb also hit the Mureidi market on Thursday afternoon in Sadr City, a Shi'ite stronghold in northeast Baghdad, police said. 
One person was killed and 13 wounded, the source said.
Two rockets hit the Green Zone, sparking alarms and warnings urging people to take cover. 
Black smoke was seen rising from the area of the Green Zone but the U.S. military said it had no immediate information on casualties or damage.
A Regional Airlines plane carrying 54 people crashed into a small truck in the south of France on Thursday, killing the driver, the Transport Ministry said.
The incident happened near the Pau-Pyrenees airport after a bird flew into the plane's engine.
The 50 passengers and four cabin staff on the Fokker 100 were not injured and were evacuated from the plane.
The aircraft, which was taking off, had to carry out an emergency landing next to the runway after a bird flew into one of the engines, a statement from the ministry said.
The plane hit the public works truck travelling on a road around the airport and the driver died in the accident, it said. 
The plane came to a stop several hundred metres later.
An inquiry has been ordered into the accident.
Four people were shot dead in clashes between pro- and anti-government activists in Lebanon on Thursday, casting a shadow over donor pledges of $7.6 billion to the U.S.-backed government facing a Hezbollah-led challenge.
Two opposition students and two other people were shot dead and 35 were injured, many by gunfire, at Beirut's Arab University, security sources said. 
Fighting started between students with sticks and stones on the university campus then spilled into nearby streets. 
It developed into exchanges of gunfire from assault rifles and pistols involving students and residents from both sides.
An opposition campaign against the government, which is struggling to recover from last year's war with Israel, has raised tensions between Sunnis and Shi'ites in Lebanon, still recovering from a 1975-90 civil war.
It was not immediately clear who opened fire but NBN and Al-Manar television, run by the opposition's Shi'ite Muslim Hezbollah movement, blamed the shootings on pro-government gunmen loyal to Sunni leader Saad al-Hariri.
Soldiers fired into the air to try to disperse the crowds and were later deployed in large numbers in an effort to control the clashes. 
Thick smoke rose from the area, where rioters had set cars and tyres ablaze.
Soldiers used military trucks to evacuate scores of civilians trapped on the streets by the violence.
Rival television stations blamed each other's camps for the fighting. Witnesses reported shots fired at students from rooftops in the mainly Sunni areas and attacks by a Shi'ite mob on a Sunni-run school in another area of the capital.
Hezbollah issued a statement urging its supporters to pull out of the streets around the university, while Hariri urged supporters to show self-restraint and calm.
Prime Minister Fouad Siniora said from Paris where he was at an aid conference: I call on everyone to return to the voice of reason.
The clashes died down after the appeals but tension in several Beirut neighbourhoods was high after darkness.
Turkish police blew up a suspicious package outside parliament on Thursday which carried a note calling for the release of two suspects in the murder of a prominent Turkish-Armenian editor, police said.
The package contained a timer but no explosives, police told Reuters.
The note, from a shadowy ultra-nationalist group TIT, called for the release of suspects Ogan Samast and Yasin Hayal. 
Five men, including Samast and Hayal, have been charged in connection with the murder of Hrant Dink.
Afghanistan, Pakistan and the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) on Thursday opened a joint intelligence-sharing centre in Kabul to coordinate the fight against Taliban-led insurgents.
It was an historic day for the Operation Enduring Freedom - the US operation against terror and insurgents -  top ISAF commander General David Richards, told reporters at the inaugural ceremony.
The opening came amid accusations by Afghan officials that some elements inside Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) were helping and training the Taliban insurgents who cross the porous border to attack Afghan and international forces.
In 2006, Afghanistan experienced its worst year since a US-led coalition invasion ousted the Taliban regime in late 2001. 
The bloodshed mainly occurred in areas bordering Pakistan.
Commending the Pakistani army's role in sharing information on the insurgents, Richards said that the reason the Taliban had failed in 2006 was the close cooperation between armies and police forces on both sides of the border.
There is a great deal of cooperation on a daily basis, Richards said. 
But the new centre would enable Afghan, Pakistani and ISAF officers to work together even more efficiently.
The joint centre would work on operations, intelligence, and technical issues, and share information on the Afghan-Pakistani border areas. 
It would comprise six liaison officers each from Afghanistan and Pakistan, as well as 12 ISAF members.
Richards also announced the deployment of a new brigade of combat operation forces from ISAF nations in the near future, but did not elaborate on their exact number or nationality.
Some 33,000 soldiers from 37 ISAF nations are currently stationed in Afghanistan, while an additional 8,000 US forces are acting independently in tracking down the remnants of the Taliban and the Al-Qaeda network in the war against terror.
Twelve Palestinians including five members of Hamas's security force were wounded Thursday when an explosive device hit their jeep in northern Gaza, a Hamas spokesman said.
Five of the wounded were members of the Hamas 'executive force' and the others were civilians, said Islam Shawan, adding that the attack took place in the Jabaliya refugee camp.
Two of the wounded were in serious condition, he said.
Internecine violence between supporters of Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas and followers of the ruling Hamas movement who have been unable to agree on a unity government has killed around 30 people since mid-December.
A US soldier has pleaded guilty to murdering three detainees in Iraq last year, an Army spokeswoman said.
Private Corey Clagett, 21 a member of the 101st Airborne Division, admitted to murder, attempted murder, conspiracy to commit murder and conspiracy to obstruct justice, the spokeswoman said.
Clagett is the third soldier to plead guilty in connection with the killings May 9 during an operation in the central Iraq province of Salheddine.
Clagett's sentencing in the court-martial at Fort Campbell, Kentucky, was pending.
Specialist William Hunsaker, 24, pleaded guilty to the murders earlier this month and received an 18-year prison term. 
Specialist Justin Graber, 21, received a nine-month prison term on charges of aggravated assault with a dangerous weapons in connection to the murders. 
Both men are also members of the 101st Airborne Division.
An attack on Iran would be catastrophic and encourage it to develop a nuclear bomb, Mohamed ElBaradei, director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency, said on Thursday.
It would be absolutely counterproductive, and it would be catastrophic, ElBaradei said at a discussion on nuclear proliferation at the World Economic Forum.
The Bush administration in recent weeks has toughened its stance against Iran, which the West has accused of seeking to secretly build an atomic bomb, raising fears among political and business leaders that the U.S. plans an attack.
President George W. Bush has moved an additional aircraft carrier into the Gulf and told Iran that he would not allow it to provide weapons and support to insurgents in Iraq.
Israel has refused to rule out pre-emptive military action against Iran on the lines of its 1981 air strike against an atomic reactor in Iraq, although many analysts believe Iran's nuclear facilities are too much for Israel to destroy alone.
The United Nations imposed sanctions in December to prevent Iran using its nuclear energy programme for military weapons, and Iran this week banned 38 IAEA nuclear inspectors.
ElBaradei, head of the U.N.'s nuclear watchdog, has been engaged in meetings here at the gathering of world political and business leaders. 
He said diplomacy is the only way forward, and talk of military action can only backfire.
This strengthens the hands of those in Iran who say 'let's develop a bomb to protect ourselves, he said.
The Bush administration has said it wants a diplomatic solution and that it is not preparing to attack either Iran or Syria.
Pakistan's Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz also warned against an attack, while Iran's former president Mohammad Khatami urged calm to reduce tensions over Iran's nuclear programme.
If there is military action, it will have catastrophic results, not only in the region, but the whole world, Aziz said.
I hope they would be good enough in managing the situation. 
We deeply need patience and understanding and not to get too emotional, Khatami said.
ElBaradei said force should not be ruled out, but past experience has shown that it should not be used with haste, citing Iraq where no evidence of nuclear weapons was found after the U.S.-led invasion.
I am convinced that the only way forward in Iran is engagement, ElBaradei said. 
We have to invest in peace, he said, adding that if the international community failed to do that the consequence will be 10 times worse.
I hope we will stop speaking about a military option and focus on finding a solution, ElBaradei said.
Iran says it needs nuclear power to generate electricity but the West fears it is secretly seeking an atom bomb. 
In December, the United Nations imposed sanctions on Iran's trade in sensitive nuclear materials and technology to try and stop enrichment work that could produce bomb material.
The Lebanese army on Thursday declared a night curfew in Beirut after at least four people died in clashes between pro- and anti-government activists.
The curfew will take effect at 8:30 p.m. Thursday and last until 6 a.m. Friday, an army spokesman said.
Two opposition students and two other people were shot dead and 100 were injured, many by gunfire, at Beirut's Arab University, Reuters reported, quoting security sources.
Fighting erupted between students with sticks and stones on the university campus then spilled into nearby streets, the report said, adding it developed into exchanges of gunfire from assault rifles and pistols involving students and residents from both sides.          
Gunmen killed an activist with Fatah-linked militant group Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades in Gaza early on Friday, Fatah said, hours after a member of a Hamas-led security force was killed by a roadside bomb.
More than 30 Palestinians have been killed in fighting between rival groups Hamas and Fatah since Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas called last month for early presidential and parliamentary elections.
Hospital officials confirmed the activist had been killed by gunfire in the northern Gaza Strip.
Fatah accused the Hamas-led security force of ""executing"" the activist.
A spokesman for the Hamas-led force was not available for comment.
Local residents said members of the Hamas-led force had surrounded the home of the activist and gunfire ensued. 
They had sought to question him in response to the roadside bomb.
The bomb blast left a second member of the Hamas-led force in a critical condition and wounded seven others, hospital officials said. 
Three bystanders, including two children, were among those wounded, they added.
No one claimed responsibility for the bomb attack, which also took place in northern Gaza.
Hamas spokesman Abdel-Latif Qanoua said on Thursday it would ""chase those killers who carried out this cowardly action"".
Earlier this week, Palestinian factions including Hamas and Fatah resumed talks on forming a coalition government. 
Similar talks broke down last year.
Hamas has struggled to govern since taking office in March under the weight of U.S.-led sanctions imposed because of its refusal to recognise Israel, renounce violence and abide by interim peace deals.
Fatah's Abbas and Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal held inconclusive unity talks in Damascus this week.
Fresh protests broke out in Guinea on  Thursday on the 16th day of a general strike that has paralysed the country and  claimed 59 lives, with demonstrators insisting President Lansana Conte step down. 
The long-time head of state had agreed in principle Wednesday to one of the  protesters' key demands to appoint a prime minister and crisis talks re-started late Thursday between representatives of Conte's regime and trades unions. 
Police said some 15,000 demonstrators took to the streets of the main  administrative centre of Kankan, in the east, chanting: Change now and We want no more of Conte, he must go. 
Protesters urged the union leaders engaged in the crisis talks to beware of  cunning by the 72-year-old president, who has ruled poverty-stricken Guinea since 1984. 
Hundreds of others demonstrators gathered in central Labe and Yimberin in  the north, police and witnesses reported. 
In the capital Conakry, there were fewer police and troops on the streets  than on Monday, the bloodiest day of the strike, when security forces fired at demonstrators during running battles. 
A total of 49 demonstrators were shot dead 34 in Conakry and 15 in the provinces and a further 267 wounded in Monday's crackdown, health ministry official Sidiki Diakate told AFP on Thursday. 
In all, 59 people have been killed since the strike began on January 10,  sparking international condemnation. 
The government on Thursday promised to investigate the violence on the sidelines of the general strike. 
All the attacks on physical integrity and the destruction will be subject to objective inquiries and those guilty will be transmitted to competent tribunals, Interior Minister Moussa Solano said in a statement read on public radio. 
Cautious of Conte, who has ruled for 23 years, the leaders of Guinea's powerful unions said on Wednesday they would continue the strike until the president, who suffers from chronic diabetes and memory lapses, accedes to all their demands. 
They made ending the strike contingent on guarantees that a new broad-based government of national unity would be formed, under a new prime minister. 
The post of head of government has been empty since April 2006, when Conte sacked incumbent Cellou Dalein Diallo. 
We have been on strike for 16 days. 
We do not want the mountain to give birth to a mouse. So we are not compromising on that issue, Rabiatou Serah Diallo, secretary general of the National Confederation of Workers of Guinea, told AFP. 
Observers are sceptical of Conte's willingness to relinquish any powers. 
Three premiers appointed since 1996 have all resigned or been sacked after falling out with the president. 
The strike, which has support from 14 opposition parties, was called in protest at economic hardships and official corruption and to demand Conte's resignation. 
It has shut down the mines in the world's top exporter of bauxite, a mineral used to make aluminium. 
Conte took power in a bloodless military coup in 1984 and then won successive presidential elections but the last poll in 2003 was boycotted by the opposition. 
Ibrahim Sarsour, member of Israeli parliament (Knesset) and leader of the Islamic Movement in Israel, has warned that Israel is still digging and carrying out excavations under Al Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem, in a way that threatens the foundation of the mosque. 
Sarsour said that the Israeli government paid a Palestinian vendor $60,000 for his store bordering with the Temple Mount compound on which the mosque is located, according to a report carried by the Israeli online daily newspaper Haaretz. 
The newspaper report said that several leaders of the movement plan to present information about an upcoming digging that Israel intends to carry under the mosque. 
Excavations referred to by Sarsour were carried out some 100 meters from the Temple Mount and were stopped due to lack of funds, claimed Haaretz report. 
The excavations, carried out by the Israel Antiquities Authority at the behest of a Jewish group, on a property owned by businessman Aaron Mosovitch, was first revealed by Haaretz about a year ago. 
Israeli archeologists, who argued that the digging was aimed at clearing out an old garbage-filled tunnel to determine whether it posed a safety hazard, said that the excavations are horizontal and vertical, and that they advanced to within 60 meters of the mosque, reported Islamonline.net. 
Sheikh Raed Salah, the Northern branch leader of the Islamic Movement, which presented pictures depicting the excavations near the mosque, said that the digging comes to fulfill Israel's darkest dream of building a Jewish temple in place of the Al Aqsa mosque. 
It's noteworthy that the Jewish State's dangerous excavations near the holy Mosque aimed at destabilizing its foundations, have been going since Israel occupied the East of Jerusalem after the war in 1967. 
An explosion at a student dormitory in Moscow blew a small hole in a wall and smashed windows but no one was hurt, Interfax news agency said on Friday quoting the emergencies ministry.
The blast was on the staircase between the 17th and 18th floors of a 19-storey building that houses students at Moscow State University, the agency quoted Yevgeny Bobylov, an emergencies ministry spokesman, as saying.
The cause of the blast at the dormitory, in southern Moscow, was unknown and it did not cause a fire, Bobylov said.
Parliamentarians from the Asia-Pacific region adopted a resolution Thursday supporting denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula and continuation of the six-nation talks on the issue.
During the just-ended five-day meeting of the Asia Pacific Parliamentary Forum, participants discussed the possibility of North Korea's joining future sessions as an observer, according to Russia's Federation Council Chairman Sergey Mironov, who chaired the forum.
But the participants in the 15th annual forum, which comprises nearly 30 countries, failed to agree to North Korea's participation as some members, such as Japan, were opposed to it, Mironov said.
The six-nation talks on North Korea's nuclear programs involve China, Japan, South and North Korea, Russia and the United States. 
The countries except for North Korea are also members of the parliamentary forum.
Lawmakers from Japan who attended the forum included former farm minister Yoshinobu Shimamura and former education minister Hirofumi Nakasone.
The six-nation talks have yet to make tangible progress toward denuclearization of the peninsula since being launched in 2003 and its members are working on resuming the talks, which adjourned last month, possibly next month.
Drinking moderate amounts of caffeine during pregnancy does not lead to premature births or underweight babies, Danish scientists said on Friday. 
Up to three cups of coffee a day does not seem to have any negative impact on the baby or the pregnancy. 
Earlier studies that looked at the impact of moderate caffeine consumption during pregnancy have produced mixed results. 
Some showed no difference while others suggested too much caffeine could lower average birth weight by 100-200 grams (3.5-7 ounces). 
In our study we found no effect from caffeine, said Dr Bodil Hammer Bech, of the Institute of Public Health in Aarhus, Denmark. 
Unlike other research projects in which women who had given birth were asked how much coffee they drank while pregnant, the Danish scientists monitored 1,207 pregnant coffee lovers who were randomly selected to drink either a caffeinated or decaffeinated brew during the second half of the pregnancy. 
The women did not know which group they were in. 
We had two groups and we actually found no difference between the average birth weight for moderate intake of caffeine -- about three cups, said Bech, whose findings are reported online by the British Medical Journal. 
The difference in the weight of the babies between the two groups was 20 grams (0.7 ounce) and there was no difference in the gestational age, she told Reuters. 
In the caffeinated group, 4.2 percent of babies were born premature compared to 5.2 percent in women drinking decaffeinated coffee. 
The number of infants who were small for their gestational age were nearly the same in both groups. 
Bech said women who drink a lot of coffee usually smoke and drink more alcohol than other females, which could influence birth weight. 
But because the women were randomised in the study, the other factors that may have an effect on the baby and the pregnancy were equal in the two groups. 
In an earlier study, Bech and her team showed that excessive coffee consumption, eight cups or more, could increase the risk of stillbirth. 
About three cups of coffee a day is OK but women with a higher intake should be careful, said Bech. 
A new magazine called Muslim Girl has been launched this month, giving over 400,000 teen-aged Muslim girls in the United States the chance for the first time to be a cover girl. 
The girls are eager to have their stories told, said Ausma Khan, editor in chief of Muslim Girl Magazine, in an interview. 
There is information for every group, our community is definitely underserved, she said, the Magazine has issued 25,000-copies and expects its circulation to be four times that in two years, Islamonline.net reported. 
Wardah Chaudhary, a 16-year old Muslim girl from Tulsa, Oklahoma, was the magazine?s first cover girl. 
Those interested to become the cover girl of the magazine's upcoming issues can log on to the magazine's website
One thing I know for sure is that I am not behind in anything just because I wear Hijab, Chaudhary, who appeared on the magazine's cover wearing a red and white head covering, with tiny red, white and blue stars on her right cheeks, said in her essay referring to her style of Hijab. 
To all the girls that are reading this, I want them to know to be proud of who you are.
The magazine's initial copies were mainly distributed in areas known to have large Muslim populations, including New York; Jersey City, New Jersey; Dearborn, Michigan; Chicago, Los Angeles and areas of Texas. 
There is also plans to distribute the magazine in Ontario and Toronto, said Ausma Khan, who is a lawyer and writer. 
The new bi-monthly glossy magazine launched this month to give 400,000 American Muslim teen girls a lively and uniquely relevant perspective on contemporary living, according to a press statement of the magazine's publisher. 
A survey conducted for the magazine found out that Muslim girls like to watch television, read teen magazines, surf the Internet, like YouTube.com, and enjoy video games.
Girls also like to shop and hang out a lot. 
The study also highlighted some likely differences: for example, they socialize at IslamiCity and count among their top hobbies, Qur'an study. 
Ausma Khan, PhD, writer, human rights lawyer and activist, liked the concept so much that she left a teaching position at Northwestern University to become editor in chief. Most representations of Muslims in the media are negative, she said. 
Ausma Khan said: We're showing Hijab-wearing basketball players alongside contemporary fashion designers and artists. 
We want to dispel the notion that Muslim teens conform to one particular model. Veiled or unveiled, Muslim girls participate fearlessly in sports, the arts, international travel and their local mosques. 
Muslim Girl Magazine launched with a planned circulation of 50,000 copies per issue in the first year and expects to grow to 100,000 within two years. 
The magazine is published by award-winning execuGo Media of Toronto, Canada and distributed worldwide by RCS of Los Angeles, California.
Daytime curfews were imposed on four towns in southeastern Nepal Friday after several deaths and dozens of injuries during violent protests in the impoverished region, local officials said.
The situation remains serious today as dozens of protesters have already attempted to defy the curfew, said local administrator Madhav Prasad Regmi from Janakpur, 375 kilometres (232 miles) southeast of Kathmandu.
The violent protests began last week after a 16-year-old boy was shot dead during a scuffle between Maoists and Mahadhesi activists demanding increased political representation in the Himalayan nation.
Nepali Mahadhesi community leaders have said that the ethnic group accounts for around a third of Nepal's 27 million people.
They dominate the Terai region, situated in the southern plains bordering India, and have long complained of discrimination by highland communities.
Officials in the area said at least 35 protesters were injured Thursday in Janakpur, and at least 20 more hurt in Birgunj, another of the four towns under curfew along with Biratnagar and Lahan.
Protests earlier this week left at least five protesters dead.
The leader of the group organising the protests warned that unless Nepal's government addressed their complaints, the unrest would continue.
The country has only recently seen an end to ten years of civil war with Maoist insurgents, after the rebels and coalition government signed a peace deal bringing the Maoists into parliament and government.
If they try to ignore the issue, the protests will have dire consequences, Upendra Yadav, the chairman of the recently formed Mahadhesi Janadhikar Forum, told AFP.
Nepal's Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala has called on the group to come for dialogue, and the Mahadhesi leader urged Koirala to name a date for talks.
This movement is taking place because the people of the Terai region have always been discriminated against by the state. 
He also complained about the new composition of the 330-seat parliament, where the Maoists now have 83 seats.
There are only 73 Mahadhesis from various political parties in the current parliament. 
The English language Nepali Times also warned in a front-page editorial that Nepal would be falling from the frying pan into the fire if it failed to tackle the issue.
The root of the crisis is deep, long standing bitterness among the Mahadhesi population. Discriminated against by governments in the past, they saw that they would be denied political representation in proportion to their numbers by the interim constitution too, the paper said.
Nepal's Maoists, however, have said that pro-Royalists and militant Hindus are involved in the protests and merely trying to undermine a peace process which has left King Gyanendra and the monarchy as a whole facing the boot.
But Yadav said his group was also opposed to the monarchy.
Where there is unrest, there can be room for someone to use the situation to their benefit. 
The palace may try to take advantage of this situation, but we won't let it happen because we are also against monarchy. 
We are not monarchists, we also want a republic, he said.
This percentage is very low, we want more representation, said Yadav.
Even the new interim government is not addressing our problems so we are fighting for equality, Yadav told AFP.
International media rights groups have demanded the release of three Sri Lankan journalists who went missing earlier this week in the capital Colombo.
The Paris-based Reporters Without Borders (RSF) urged President Mahinda Rajapakse to give unequivocal orders for three journalists and trade union activists, kidnapped in Colombo on Monday, to be found and released unharmed.
The three men -- who were working for a railway trade union monthly, the Akuna, or thunder -- were abducted by unidentified men late Monday, police said.
State-run media said the men, all members of the majority Sinhalese community, were believed to have received weapons training from the rebel Tamil Tigers. 
The men were described in the reports as terrorist suspects.
The New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists also demanded the release of the three men, saying they could be in government custody.
We fear for the safety of the three missing newspaper staff members, and we call on the government to publicly disclose any information regarding their whereabouts, CPJ executive director Joel Simon said in a statement.
The CPJ had also demanded last month that Sri Lankan authorities either immediately free or bring charges against a journalist detained under anti-terror laws for a long period.
The government should not resort to holding journalists for prolonged periods and then hide behind bold accusations of terrorism that it fails to substantiate, the CPJ said of the arrest of Maunasami Parameswaree.
The Tamil reporter has been held since November.
The tough Prevention of Terrorism laws invoked by the government in December allows police and security forces to detain suspects for long periods without trial.
Media activists have accused the government of imposing unofficial censorship in the northern peninsula of Jaffna where two Tamil newspaper employees were shot dead last year by unidentified gunmen.
In its 2006 review, RSF said decades of fighting between Sri Lankan troops and Tamil Tiger rebels has had a major impact on the freedom of the media.
The dormant war between security forces and the Tamil Tigers (LTTE) has had harmful consequences for the safety of journalists, particularly Tamils, Reporters Without Borders said.
Journalists from the Sinhalese community also have been either killed, beaten or intimidated for their coverage of the conflict between the government and the rebels, who are fighting for independence for minority Tamils.
There is no official censorship in the country, but columnists have said that they were under pressure to practice self-censorship.
Media organisations have described Sri Lanka as one of the most dangerous places for journalists in South Asia.
Nepal's Maoist leader said Wednesday that his former rebels and the government will offer concessions and talks in a bid to end a wave of ethnic unrest gripping the south of the country.
Prachanda, who uses one name, told AFP in an interview that the Maoists and government would announce their willingness to address the genuine demands of the masses and also have dialogue with people who are trying to organise the movement.
I think today it will be resolved, he said.
The unrest flared nearly three weeks ago after a Maoist cadre killed a protester and there has been widespread rioting by Mahadhesi groups in Nepal's southern Terai region since.
Eighteen protesters and one police officer have been killed during the protests. 
Hundreds have been injured and roads to the capital have been blocked for nearly three weeks.
The Mahadhesi community, which dominates the country's southern plains and accounts for around a third of Nepal's 27 million people, has long complained of discrimination and being shut out of power.
The leader of the group that claims to be behind the protests has said he wants to establish the Mahadhes as an autonomous region, and win Mahadhesis more seats in government.
The Maoist leader said that although the Mahadhesis had genuine demands that needed to be addressed, the unrest had been fuelled by pro-royalists, the United States and Indian Hindu extremists.
The whole thing is motivated to marginalise our influence among the Mahadhesi people, said Prachanda, whose name means the fierce one.
Several former royal-appointed ministers and pro-monarchists were arrested or placed under surveillance last week, accused of fomenting the unrest.
But Mahadhesi leaders deny any royal links.
The violence has cast a cloud over the new government, which has pledged to hold elections this year to rewrite the constitution and decide the future of the monarchy.
King Gyanendra handed back power to parliament in April 2006 after mass protests led by an alliance of political parties and the Maoists.
Russia's chief delegate to the six-party talks on North Korea's nuclear programs arrived in Beijing on Wednesday morning, ahead of negotiations that will begin Thursday, according to China's state-run Xinhua News Agency.
Alexander Losyukov was the first of the delegates from overseas to arrive in the Chinese capital. 
The Japanese, South Korean and U.S. representatives are expected to arrive later Wednesday.
China's chief negotiator Wu Dawei told a Japanese lawmaker earlier in the week that the North Korean delegate to the talks, Kim Kye Gwan, will arrive in Beijing on Thursday.
The delegates are scheduled to hold bilateral talks ahead of the start of the six-party negotiations, which will follow discussions held in Beijing in December.
The December six-way talks, which marked their resumption after a 13-month hiatus, failed to make tangible progress toward the countries' goal of denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula.
In Tokyo on Tuesday, the Japanese and U.S. delegates agreed to work to make North Korea implement, not simply pledge to take, concrete steps for abandoning its nuclear programs, with the U.S. negotiator giving Pyongyang a timeframe of single-digit weeks.
Something has to happen on the ground, Christopher Hill, assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific affairs, told a group of Japanese reporters during the visit.
North Korea is reportedly seeking more than 500,000 tons of fuel oil and other benefits in exchange for taking initial steps to abandon its nuclear programs, such as halting a reactor in the Yongbyon nuclear complex and accepting international inspections.     
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the Diet on Wednesday rejected opposition demands for welfare minister Hakuo Yanagisawa's resignation over his controversial remarks about women.
During a House of Representatives Budget Committee session, Abe apologized for Yanagisawa's remarks on Jan. 27 describing women as birth-giving machines, calling it inappropriate.
But Abe said, I want the health, labor and welfare minister to fulfill his duties from the standpoint of the people.
Abe's comments came after Yanagisawa also apologized in the same committee session but refused to bow to opposition calls to resign.
Gunmen disguised as soldiers killed seven people at two police stations in the troubled Mexican resort of Acapulco on Tuesday, despite a military crackdown against violent drug gangs.
The state prosecutor's office said men dressed in khaki uniforms and wearing red berets tricked their way into the stations by posing as soldiers on a visit to check police weapons.
Accompanied by men filming the attacks, the group opened fire with assault rifles at one station, killing three policemen.
At the second station, the attackers stripped several agents of their guns and started shooting, killing a secretary, two police officers and a public prosecutor.
They pretended to check police guns. 
That's how they disarmed the guys and once they were disarmed, took their lives, a spokesman at the prosecutors office said.
President Felipe Calderon called an emergency meeting with his security cabinet to discuss the attacks.
Calderon, who took office on Dec. 1, has sent thousands of troops to violent regions of Mexico to tackle drug gangs who killed 2,000 people in a feud last year.
As part of the clampdown, soldiers have been investigating local police forces for connections with the drug cartels. 
In the rowdy border city of Tijuana, just south of San Diego, the army confiscated all the city police's guns.
Last month, almost 8,000 troops and federal police were sent to the region around Acapulco to crack down on rival gangs fighting for control of lucrative drug plantations and smuggling routes.
Despite the crackdown, there were 190 drug gang-related deaths in Mexico in January, just a handful less than a year ago.
Acapulco rose to fame in the 1950s as a Pacific hangout for Hollywood stars like actor Errol Flynn.
Once a small fishing village, it is now a major city experiencing a grisly crime wave. 
Just last weekend, a man's chopped-up body was discovered dumped in plastic garbage bags in the city.
Long forgotten by the A-list, the resort is still popular with U.S. spring break student vacationers and Mexican tourists.
A man was being tested for avian influenza in Cyprus on Wednesday after displaying flu-like symptoms following a trip to Thailand, authorities said, but stressed the tests were only a precaution.
The man, who media described as a European national, arrived in Cyprus from Germany on Tuesday. 
He had earlier visited Thailand, which has had several cases of the virus.
The diagnosis from doctors is that the risk of it being avian influenza is minimal. 
It is probably a common infection, but this is a precaution, Health Minister Charis Charalambous told state radio.
The man was being kept in isolation at a hospital in the southern town of Limassol. 
Biological samples have been sent to Athens for testing and results were expected by Friday.
The H5N1 virus has spread into the Middle East, Africa and Europe since it re-emerged in Asia in 2003. 
Although it remains largely an animal disease, it can kill people who come into close contact with infected birds.
It is known to have killed at least 165 people since 2003. 
A French diplomat representing the European Union has been murdered in the Ivory Coast, several diplomatic sources said Wednesday.
They said unknown attackers killed the man overnight Tuesday and his body was found at his home in Abidjan. 
Authorities briefly detained one of the lawyers for jailed former Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky on Wednesday at Chita airport in southeastern Siberia, lawyer Karina Moskalenko said in radio comments.
Moskalenko said she was approached by officials after passing check-in and asked to have her baggage examined again. 
After the lawyer asked about the reason for the request, prosecutors told her to sign a non-disclosure pledge about a criminal case she said she knew nothing about, Moskalenko said in comments broadcast on Moscow Echo radio.
Moskalenko said she signed, though it was done under pressure, and illegal to boot, and suggested that the act was linked to the brief detention of Khodorkovsky's lawyers in Moscow airport Sunday.
Prosecutors Monday announced new charges of money laundering and embezzlement against Khodorkovsky and his former associate Platon Lebedev.
Once Russia's richest man, Khodorkovsky is serving an eight-year prison sentence in a Siberian camp near the Chinese border after being convicted in May 2005 for embezzlement and other financial crimes.
Yukos, the oil firm Khodorkovsky built up, has since been dismembered by the Russian courts. 
The case was seen by Kremlin critics as a politically-driven attack against an ambitious businessman who had become critical of President Vladimir Putin.
A Pakistan Air Force Mirage fighter jet crashed Wednesday in central Pakistan but the pilot ejected safely, the air force said.
There were no casualties on the ground after the jet crashed near the city of Jhang, 270 kilometres (168 miles) southwest of Islamabad, said spokesman Air Commodore Sarfraz Ahmed Khan. 
He said the the jet was on a routine training mission and crashed due to a technical malfunction.
Pakistan's air force fleet includes US-built F-16s, French-built Mirages and Chinese fighter jets.
Somali Prime Minister Ali Mohamed Gedi reshuffled his cabinet on Wednesday, sacking three ministers as the government seeks to reinsert its authority in the chaotic nation since a New Year war ousted rival Islamists.
A government statement said Health Minister Abdiaziz Sheikh Yusuf, Higher Education & Culture Minister Hussein Mohamud Sheikh Hussein and Mineral & Water Resources Minister Mohamud Salad Nuur had been relieved from their positions.
There were 10 changes made in total in the reshuffle, including that of Interior Minister Hussein Mohamed Farah Aideed who now takes on the public works portfolio.
A suicide bomber Tuesday night fired his way towards the VIP lounge of the international airport here injuring five security personnel before he was blown up in a grenade explosion in his hand.
Initial reports said that the bomber had aimed at Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz who flew in from Gwader, a small port in Balochistan province, about half an hour before the incident.
However, security officials said Aziz arrived at the nearby Chaklala airbase and the suicide attack was aimed spreading panic as it followed five such strikes in Islamabad and other parts of Pakistan in the last two weeks, security officials said.
Police officials said the well armed bomber, who approached the entrance of the VIP Lounge of the airport, tried to force his way firing at the security personnel.
The bomber tried to hurl a grenade which exploded right at his feet killing him on the spot. 
US envoy Christopher Hill headed Wednesday for talks on ending North Korea's nuclear programmes sounding cautiously upbeat about achieving progress.
A big question is whether the North Koreans are really ready to make some progress, Hill told reporters as he left Tokyo for the six-way talks in Beijing.
In preparing for the new round, which will begin Thursday, Hill held a rare direct meeting with North Korean negotiator Kim Kye-Gwan in Berlin in January.
We did have some good signs in Berlin. 
I think we also know that there is going to be rather hard bargaining. So let's see how we do, Hill said.
The talks group the two Koreas, China, Russia, Japan and the United States.
In Tokyo, Hill said he hoped the Beijing talks would lead to concrete steps to implement a September 2005 deal under which the North agreed to scrap its nuclear weapons in exchange for energy and economic aid.
Hill said the negotiations could cover economic incentives. 
A Japanese press report said North Korea was demanding oil shipments to shut down a reactor.
North Korea walked away from the six-way talks just two months after the 2005 deal to protest US financial sanctions on a Macau bank accused of handling counterfeit money for the North.
North Korea only returned to the table in December 2006. 
In the meantime it had tested an atom bomb for the first time.
The December round produced little of substance, with an emboldened Pyongyang insisting on discussing the financial sanctions.
The US administration has said both India and Pakistan have interest in stability and prosperity of Afghanistan.
US spokesman Sean McCormack, in response to a question on infiltration in Afghanistan said it was not just Pakistan but the region as a whole including India has an interest in the stability and prosperity of Afghanistan.
Pakistan has an interest in a stable, prosperous, democratic Afghanistan. 
The rest of the region you point out India. 
The rest of the region has an interest in that as well. 
And clearly the rest of the world does as well, he said.
Terrorism across the borders of Pakistan and Afghanistan is still a problem and an issue that the governments in both Kabul and Islamabad are quite aware of, he said stressing that the issue of stability in that part of the world means having to address infiltration going both ways by the Taliban.
It's still a problem McCormack said talking of cross border terrorism on the Afghan-Pakistan borders.
And the Afghan Government knows it, the Pakistani Government knows it, and we have been involved and continue to be involved with both governments. 
We have a trilateral commission that is set up to improve the communications between the two governments as well as to improve the effectiveness of their efforts to stop cross-border infiltrations going both ways, he added.
He said both Pakistan and Afghanistan have responsibilities in this regard.
They have improved their coordination. 
They have improved somewhat the effectiveness of that coordination, but there is clearly a lot more that needs to be done McCormack said.
Japanese Vice Foreign Minister Masayoshi Hamada said Tuesday an international convention banning states from abducting people will spur Japanese moves to resolve North Korea's decades-old abductions of Japanese nationals and send a strong message to Pyongyang.
We were able to send a strong message that it's not only Japan that is telling North Korea about the abduction issue, Hamada told reporters after a ceremony in which 57 countries including Japan signed the International Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance.
The treaty is the first of its kind that focuses on state-sponsored abductions.
It will be put into force once 20 nations ratify it.
But the pact does not apply to cases that took place before its ratification, exempting North Korea's abductions of Japanese nationals in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Nevertheless, Hamada stressed, There is significance in that we were able to send a message that many countries regard (abduction) as a crime.
The North Korean side may think that it is only Japan that is related to the abduction issue, but that's not right, he said.
The pact stipulates as a punishable crime an enforced disappearance perpetrated by people or groups of people acting with the authorization or support of a state. 
A woman was injured on Wednesday in an explosion at Britain's vehicle licensing agency, the third attack in three days on motoring-related agencies or companies.
Police refused to confirm the nature of the explosion, but the BBC News reported that a parcel bomb had exploded at the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) in Swansea, Wales.
One female has been taken to hospital with injuries, which are not believed to be life-threatening, a police statement said. A cordon has been put in place and nearby residents are being evacuated as a precautionary measure.
DVLA said the injured woman dealt with the company's mail.
A letter bomb exploded at a business centre in Berkshire, southern England, on Tuesday at the office of Vantis, a business services firm, injuring two men.
Newspapers reported that the letter was addressed to Speed Check Services which supplies speed cameras to the police but was sent instead to its accountants.
On Monday, a woman was injured in a letter bomb explosion at the London headquarters of Capita, the firm managing London's congestion charge. 
The company collects 25 million payments a year from motorists who pay to drive into central London.
A Rome judge on Wednesday ordered a U.S. soldier to stand trial on homicide charges for shooting dead an Italian intelligence agent in Iraq in 2005 as he was escorting a newly freed hostage to safety, prosecutors said.
Mario Lozano of the U.S. Army's 69th Infantry Regiment was charged with voluntary homicide for shooting Nicola Calipari at a checkpoint near Baghdad airport. 
He was also charged with two counts of attempted homicide one for the other Italian agent driving the vehicle and the second for the freed hostage inside.
Prosecutors said the trial will begin on April 17.
Pakistan will close four large refugee camps this year near the Afghan border as part of efforts to check the cross-border movement of militants, officials said Wednesday.
The agreement was reached at a meeting of Pakistani Federal Minister for States and Frontier Regions Sardar Yar Mohammad Rind, Afghan Refugee Minister Ustad Mohammad Akbar, and Guenet Guebre Christos, the U.N. High Commission for Refugees representative for Pakistan.
We understand that security near the border is a top priority and stress that refugee camps must retain their civilian nature, Christos told a joint press conference.
The camps to be closed down are Katchi Garhi and Jalozai in the North-West Frontier Province and Girdi Jungle and Jungle Piralizai in Baluchistan, the UNHCR said.
The refugees would have the option to either return to Afghanistan or relocate to other camps in Pakistan.
Nearly 2.4 million Afghan refugees are living in 44 refugee camps in Pakistan.
The four camps to be closed are suspected of providing hiding grounds for militants because of their size and congestion.
Pakistan has been urging the Afghan government to create conditions in Afghanistan which facilitate the voluntary return of Afghan refugees to their homeland.
Rind said that every refugee returning to Afghan would be given $60 and estimated that total repatriation of Afghan refugees would cost nearly $100 million.
Akbar said the Afghan government was in the process of establishing 50 townships in 29 provinces for the returnees and planned to construct 100 such townships
Two people were killed when ongoing protests in southern Nepal took a violent turn Wednesday and protesters clashed with police, media reports said.
Protesters demanding electoral reform before the country holds a key election under the peace process shot arrows at police officers, triggering a clash in Biratnagar, the hometown of Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala.
The police responded by opening fire, killing two protesters, the reports said, adding that about three dozen others, including nine policemen, were injured in the clash.
The police were trying to prevent the protesters from marching to the local government office in the town in defiance of a curfew order.
The constituent assembly election is planned for mid-June, but southerners have demanded a proportional representation system and the delineation of electoral constituencies based on population. 
They have also demanded a federal state structure before the election.
The protests began in mid-January after the southerners denounced an interim constitution promulgated by the government to elect the assembly, saying it failed to accommodate their demands.
The National Human Rights Commission said Wednesday that 27 people have been killed in the ongoing unrest in southern Nepal.
Nuclear negotiators of North Korea and the United States signed a memorandum last month when they met in Berlin that covered initial steps for denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula, the Asahi Shimbun reported Thursday in its online edition.
Citing U.S. and North Korean sources, the report said the memorandum called for simultaneous measures, such as Pyongyang closing its nuclear reactor and the United States starting energy and humanitarian aid. 
It was signed by North Korean envoy Kim Kye Gwan and Christopher Hill, U.S. assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific affairs.
Discussions at the six-party talks, which will resume Thursday in Beijing, are likely to be based on this memorandum, the report said.
The report said Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Wu Dawei, who presides over the multilateral talks, has been given a copy of the memorandum from Hill and also has been briefed about it by Kim.
In the memorandum, North Korea said it will stop the graphite-moderated nuclear reactor in Yongbyon and accept nuclear inspection by the International Atomic Energy Agency, while the United States expressed support for energy and humanitarian aid, it said.
The six-party talks were last held in December after a 13-month hiatus, but progress was blocked by a dispute over U.S. financial sanctions on a Macao-based bank suspected of laundering money for North Korea.
The U.S. restrictions on Banco Delta Asia SARL have been Pyongyang's main complaint over the past year, but the United States reiterated these were law enforcement issues.
But after his Berlin meeting with Hill, Kim expressed satisfaction, saying.
There was a positive change in the attitude of the United States
The Lebanese army fired shots late Wednesday at Israeli troops across the border in Israel in the first such incident since the end of the war last summer, causing no injuries, the Israeli army and a Lebanese security source said.
The incident was sparked by Israeli sappers moving in to clear unexploded ordnance just across the border. 
They withdrew early Thursday after completing their mission, the Israeli army said.
The Lebanese army first fired warning shots.
We asked them through UNIFIL (the United Nations force in Lebanon) to stop shooting. 
Shots were fired in the direction of our forces, an Israeli army spokesman told AFP.
We retaliated in the direction of the shots. 
Our forces had no injuries.
The firing has now finished and we consider the incident closed, he added.
A Lebanese security source confirmed that the Lebanese army had fired on Israeli troops close to the border.
The Lebanese army fired on an Israeli bulldozer that was trying to advance towards the central sector of southern Lebanon near the village of Yaroun, the source said, without giving further details.
Israeli aircraft overflew the eastern sector of the border where the incident took place, public television reported. 
The area was lit up intermittently by flares.
The shooting was the first armed incident at the Israeli-Lebanese border since Israeli troops withdrew from Lebanon in October, after fighting a devastating 34-day war against Shiite militant group Hezbollah last summer.
Security sources earlier Wednesday said Lebanese troops were on high alert after Israeli sappers moved to clear unexploded ordnance just across the border.
Two Israeli demining vehicles accompanied by Merkava tanks were seen approaching the border near the village of Yaroun, south of the town of Bint Jbeil, prompting the Lebanese army to deploy troop reinforcements, the sources said.
An Israeli military spokesman said the sappers were clearing a zone in which four unexploded bombs had been found on the Israeli side on Monday.
Israeli officials charged that the bombs had been recently planted by Hezbollah.
But Hezbollah insisted Tuesday that they dated from before the conflict, which ended with a UN-brokered ceasefire in August.
A beefed-up UN peacekeeping force is patrolling the volatile border area along with Lebanese soldiers under the terms of the truce.
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said Tuesday that he expected a three-way summit with Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas and US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to take place on February 19.
In a few days, on the 19th, I hope to have a trilateral meeting with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and chairman of the Palestinian Authority Abu Mazen (Abbas), he said in a speech to American Jewish leaders.
I hope that by then we will not find that Abu Mazen has partnered with Hamas in a way that is in contradiction of the principles of the quartet and the international community, he added.
Abbas is in Saudi Arabia for crisis talks with Khaled Meshaal, the political supremo of Hamas, which Israel blacklists as a terrorist organisation, in a bid to broker a power-sharing agreement after deadly inter-Palestinian fighting.
But Olmert did not specify where the much anticipated trilateral summit.
Which Rice said on a tour of the Middle East in mid-January would take place in three to four weeks time would be held.
Washington has billed the prospective summit as the premiere for a US-led new peace drive, although observers have pointed to limited chances of success owing to political weaknesses facing both Abbas and Olmert.
At talks in Washington last Friday, the four international sponsors of the stalled Middle East process endorsed a US plan to accelerate steps towards creating the Palestinians' promised future state.
The group supported Rice's new approach to strengthen the ability of Abbas to govern and ensure security while holding parallel talks on critical final status issues like borders and the future of Jerusalem.
There is simply no reason to avoid the subject of how we get to a Palestinian state, Rice declared.
Abbas has been locked in a power struggle with the powerful Hamas since the Islamists thrashed his secular Fatah party at parliamentary elections in 2006.
Olmert is also facing rock-bottom approval ratings in Israel over his perceived mismanagement of last year's war in Lebanon and a string of scandals dogging his nine-month administration.
Hakim al-Zamili, deputy secretary at the Iraqi health minstry, was arrested Thursday by a joint Iraqi-US force in Baghdad, the ministry's spokesman said.
Joint Iraqi-US forces broke into the health ministry building and arrested the deputy secretary Hakim al-Zamili for an unknown reason, spokesman Qassim Allawi said.
Delegates from six nations on Thursday reopened negotiations on ending North Korea's nuclear weapons programme, as host nation China said it was taking an open attitude to the duration and content of the talks.
North Korean envoy Kim Kye Gwan said Pyongyang was ready to reopen talks on its nuclear programme but said any progress would depend on the United States dropping its hostile policy towards North Korea.
We first plan to determine whether the US is trying to abandon its hostile policy against us and come to peaceful coexistence or not, South Korea's Yonhap news agency quoted Kim as saying as he arrived at Beijing's Capital Airport on Thursday.
Kim said North Korea would discuss early steps in implementing a joint statement of principles for ending the nuclear programme, which was issued by the six nations in September 2005. 
The main purpose (of this week's talks) is to discuss the implementation of the initial phase of the September 19 agreement, Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu told reporters. 
The chief negotiators held an initial meeting on Thursday afternoon and were scheduled to move into a plenary session of the six delegations later in the day, Chinese officials said. 
Several informal bilateral sessions were also expected to be held on Thursday, with unconfirmed reports saying that Kim may meet US chief negotiator Christopher Hill.
As he arrived on Wednesday, Hill said the talks could only be deemed successful once the six nations implemented the joint statement.
So we are not going to finish that (implementation) this week, he told reporters. 
We will maybe just make a good first step.
Sources told Deutsche Presse-Agentur dpa that Kim and Hill narrowed their differences during bilateral talks in Berlin last month, and that the two sides may continue gradual progress towards a detailed agreement this week.
North Korea was prepared to shut down its nuclear reactor and fuel programme if it gained US concessions in energy and economic assistance, a source familiar with the Berlin talks said.
In connection with energy deliveries from the US side, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) inspectors would be let into the country, the source said.
North Korean officials showed their readiness to reciprocate after the US raised the possibility of eliminating trade barriers and removing North Korea from its list of state sponsors of terrorism. 
There was a significant narrowing between the American and North Korean positions, the source said.
North Korea is reportedly negotiating for some 500,000 tons of fuel oil in exchange for suspending operation of a Yongbyon nuclear reactor and agreeing to IAEA inspections, according to Japanese media.
Pyongyang's initial steps to implement the September 2005 joint statement is only likely to include freezing the Yongbyon facilities, the Asahi Shimbun newspaper quoted former US State Department official Joel Wit as saying.
Wit met Kim and other officials during a visit to North Korea in late January, the newspaper said.
The Osaka municipal government said Thursday it will propose an ordinance to ban street smoking and slap violators with a 1,000 yen fine during an assembly session that begins Feb. 16.
Similar ordinances have been implemented in many areas in Tokyo and in other densely populated places.
The city plans to designate no-smoking zones in July, and will begin fining violators from October. Candidates for the zones include Midosuji, the city's main street. The ordinance will be enforced through routine patrols by commissioned private individuals.
The proposed ordinance calls for setting up a mayoral advisory panel of experts to make recommendations, including which places to designate as no-smoking zones.  
Joint US-Iraqi forces seized Deputy Health Minister Hazem al-Zamli at the ministry on Thursday in a politically-charged raid aimed at terrorists and militias operating in Baghdad.
The Health Ministry is regarded as a haven for Shiite militias, with both al-Zamli and his boss, Health Minister Ali al-Shemari, members of the movement of radical Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr.
In a statement, the US military alleged that al-Zamli was involved in the murder of seven ministry officials.
It also said he had taken bribe money and funnelled millions of dollars to Sadr's militias, known as the Mahdi army, which is suspected of having entered state clinics and killed Sunni patients and their relatives and intimidated doctors.
Al-Shemari reacted to the raid and seizure of his deputy by demanding his immediate release.
Al-Zamli was detained in an uncivilized way, he charged.
Analysts saw the US action at the Health Ministry as part of the new get-tough strategy to try to boost security in the Iraqi capital. 
On Wednesday, American officers had said the process would be one of many small individual steps and not a major offensive.
The raid came as meanwhile Defence Minister Abdelkader Mohammed Jazeem was being questioned behind closed doors in parliament.
Sunni deputies in parliament had requested the session with the defence minister, amid demands made by their Islamic Party of the government finally to take action against the militias who were operating under the cover of the security forces.
The Sunnis have also acused the US military of allowing the militias to operate.
Meanwhile in further bloodshed in the strife-torn country, at least 33 Iraqis were killed and 58 wounded in a series of blasts across Iraq over a 24-hour period, sources said Thursday.
Authorities Thursday confiscated a truck loaded with arms in an area on the outskirts of Beirut, Lebanese Information Minister Ghazi Aridi said.
The army has seized a truck loaded with weapons in Hamzmieh, 12 kilometres, east of Beirut, the minister said after a regular cabinet meeting.
The truck was coming from the Bekaa Valley, the minister said without elaborating.
Aridi refused to give details but said the Lebanese customs department have taken the truck to Beirut port and investigations are under way to find out to which group the weapons belong to.
Lebanese security sources told Deutsche Presse-Agentur dpa that the truck is loaded with machineguns and pistols.
The sources said the Lebanese customs department received a tip that a truck was heading with weapons to the capital Beirut.
On February 4, the official Syrian news agency (SANA) said Syrian custom officers seized an Iraqi truck transporting light weapons bound for Lebanon.
Hezbollah was the only armed group which was not asked to lay down their arms after the end of Lebanon's 1975-1990 civil war, because it was considered a resistance movement fighting against an occupying force (Israel).
In 2004 UN Security Council Resolution 1559 ca1led for the disarming of all militias in Lebanon.
An international air show in southern India was disrupted Thursday after a plane burst a tyre and skidded off the runway, a spokesman said.
Flight demonstrations at Bangalore's Yelahanka air base resumed after a 30-minute delay because of the accident, which left no casualties, said M. Anantakrishnan, a spokesman for Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd., manufacturer of the Indian Jet Trainer aircraft.
The tyre burst just short of takeoff, he told AFP. 
The pilot walked away safely.
Announcements via loudhailer asked spectators to avoid panic as a rescue team rushed to the site, which was soon cleared, witnesses said.
More than 500 foreign and Indian companies are taking part in the five-day air show, which features some of the most sophisticated military and passenger planes and related technologies. 
The five-day show began Wednesday.
University students and professors held mass demonstrations across Greece on Thursday, protesting against reforms planned by the conservative government.
Riot police, preparing for violence, closed off Athens' city centre for hours as thousands of protestors marched through the Greek capital towards parliament.
A day earlier in the northern port city of Thessaloniki, riot police fired tear gas at hundreds of demonstrators.
Students are opposed to government reforms to allow privately run universities to operate and university professors announced a 48-hour stoppage starting Thursday.
The wide-range discontent has forced the closure of hundreds of university departments.
Private tertiary education institutions are banned from operating in Greece and the conservative government believes the new law, allowing for the operation of private universities, would lead to greater competitiveness and higher educational standards.
Teachers, students and union leaders insist the government should upgrade free public education instead and fear the move could lead to higher education costs and lower teaching standards.
Educators accuse the government of failing to keep one of its main pre-election promises of hiking education funding to 5 per cent of GDP from a current 3.5 per cent.
Greece's parliament is expected to vote in March on the measures which would require a constitutional amendment.
U.N. and Liberian police fired tear gas on Thursday to disperse hundreds of rioting former soldiers who were protesting against arrears in the payment of demobilisation packages, witnesses said.
At least four of the ex-combatants were arrested in the riot which brought chaos to the northern Paynesville district of Monrovia, the seaside capital of Africa's oldest republic which was established by freed slaves from America in 1847.
Shops and businesses were shut and the road intersection leading to the country's international airport was briefly closed.
The former soldiers, some of whom veterans of Liberia's 1989-2003 civil war, stormed into the compound of the national state radio building, where shortly earlier President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf had addressed journalists.
Chanting war songs, they said they wanted to present to her their complaints about the delayed severance payments, but she had already left the state radio premises.
We wanted to meet the president. 
We do not think this is the right way for this government to treat us. We worked for this country for many years and up to now, nothing has been done for us, one of the protesters, ex-Lieutenant Amos Kollie, said.
We have families that we need to take care of, another protester, former Master Sergeant Jacob Toe, said.
Jordanian peacekeepers from the United Nations Military Mission in Liberia and Liberian police fired tear gas canisters to break up the demonstration. 
Two U.N. armoured personnel carriers patrolled the streets.
No injuries were reported but witnesses saw at least one police officer being beaten with a stick by protesters, whom police said were also armed with knives.
Since Johnson-Sirleaf took office as Africa's first elected female head of state early last year, she has faced several protests from former members of the old Armed Forces of Liberia.
Thousands of ex-combatants have been demobilised and paid off to make way for a new, slimmed-down Liberian armed forces, the first unit of which graduated in November after training by a U.S. defence contractor, DynCorp International.
The US envoy to six-nation talks aimed at ending North Korea's nuclear programme called Friday for quick progress, after China issued a draft accord that seeks to begin the disarmament process.
This is just the first step. 
We would like to pick up the pace,  Christopher Hill said when asked about the Chinese proposal distributed overnight to participants in the negotiations in Beijing.
Hill described the draft accord, which press reports said was based on proposals put forward by all six-party members on the first day of fresh negotiations on Thursday, as a very tough first step.
Hill said he had not seen the exact details of the draft accord, but that they would be the subject of in-depth discussions during Friday's second day of talks.
South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported that it involved North Korea committing to freeze nuclear weapons-related facilities within two months in exchange for alternative energy sources.
The facilities to be shut down include its five-megawatt nuclear reactor at Yongbyon and a radiochemical laboratory, Yonhap reported, citing unidentified but multiple sources.
The six-party forum, which started in 2003 with the aim of halting North Korea's nuclear ambitions, involves host China, the two Koreas, South Korea, the United States and Japan.
A South Korean official involved in the talks said the draft referred to initial steps they could take to begin implementing a deal made in September 2005 to end North Korea's nuclear programme.
Under that deal, North Korea promised to abandon its nuclear programme in return for security guarantees, energy aid and other benefits.
However, it fell apart two months after it was signed amid North Korean protests over unrelated US sanctions imposed against the regime for alleged money laundering and counterfeiting.
Three foreigners were reported kidnapped in the Niger Delta, a day after the release of a US hostage, a police spokesman said Monday.
The men were kidnapped in the harbour city of Port Harcourt.
Unconfirmed reports said the men were Croatian.
The kidnapping follows the release Sunday night of a US engineer and his Nigerian driver.
It was not known if any ransom was paid to secure their release.
At present, eight other foreigners are being held captive in the region, including two Italians and a French national.
Most victims are released once a ransom is paid. 
Some kidnappings are politically motivated and in protest at the living conditions in impoverished Niger Delta, while others are purely for financial gain.
A suicide bomber attacked a US outpost north of Baghdad on Monday, detonating an explosives-laden vehicle that killed two American soldiers and wounded 17 more, the military said.
An Iraqi security official told AFP the attack was carried out against an American base in Tarmiyah, 30 kilometres (19 miles) north of the capital.
Insurgents initiated the attack on the outpost with a suicide vehicle-borne improvised explosive device detonation, the US statement said. 
The attack site has been secured and wounded soldiers have been evacuated.
The deaths brought the number of US servicemen and women to have died in the Iraqi campaign since the March 2003 invasion to 3,132, according to an AFP tally based on Pentagon figures.
Suicide car bombs are a hallmark of Iraq's Sunni-led insurgency and are often used in attacks on US patrols and Iraqi troops and civilians. 
It is rare, however, for bombers to be able to strike fixed American positions.
The attack came as thousands of US and Iraqi troops continued a massive security operation in nearby Baghdad, where they are attempting to quell a sectarian war between rival Sunni and Shiite factions.
Two bombs exploded on board a train bound from India to Pakistan, sparking a fire that killed at least 66 passengers on Monday, in an apparent attempt to sabotage a peace process between the nuclear-armed rivals.
Most of the victims were Pakistanis, but some Indians and hree railway policemen died in the attack, officials said.
Bodies were laid out in blue bags between huge slabs of melting ice in a morgue in the nearby town of Panipat. 
Officials said about 30 of the bodies were charred beyond recognition.
I have been working here for 25 years and I have never seen anything like this, said nurse Rohtas Singh. 
Some bodies don't have legs, some don't have arms, some have no faces. 
Some you can't even make out if they are men or women.
About half a dozen of the corpses were of children.
Two unexploded suitcase bombs were also found on the train. 
Inside one, an electronic timer encased in clear plastic was packed next to more than a dozen plastic bottles containing a cocktail of fuel oils and chemicals.
Indian financial markets shrugged off the bombings, with the Mumbai stock market's index ending slightly higher on the day.
One person was detained in connection with the midnight blasts on the train about 80 km (50 miles) north of New Delhi, Railways Minister Lalu Prasad Yadav was quoted as saying.
But there was no finger-pointing by India and Pakistan, as there has been so often in the past after violent attacks.
The prime ministers of the two countries called each other and Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf said the attack would not be allowed to undermine the two countries' peace efforts.
We will not allow elements which want to sabotage the ongoing peace process to succeed in their nefarious designs, Musharraf said in a statement.
Pakistani Foreign Minister Khursheed Mehmood Kasuri, due in New Delhi for talks with Indian leaders to push forward the slow-moving peace process, said his trip would go ahead.
Washington condemned the bombing and those who seek to undermine the progress in relations between the two countries, White House spokesman David Almacy said.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said that this heinous crime cannot be justified by any cause and its perpetrators should be brought to justice, according to U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq.
Police said that while the explosions were small, they were intended to cause fires on at least four of the train's coaches.
It's sabotage it's an act of terrorism like the one in Mumbai, Yadav told reporters, referring to serial bomb blasts in India's commercial capital last July that killed 186 people.
Press Trust of India, or PTI, quoted him as saying one person in one of the two coaches that caught fire had been detained.
Black-clad Mexican widows marched through the desert on Monday demanding the bodies of 65 men killed in a coal pit blast a year ago and strikers closed most of the country's mines in solidarity.
Only two bodies have been recovered after the gas explosion that ripped through the Pasta de Conchos coal mine near the Texan border in the early morning of Feb. 19, 2006.
Relatives are angry at not being able to bury their dead and the lack of legal action against Grupo Mexico, Mexico's largest mining company and the owner of Pasta de Conchos.
A group of some 150 widows, relatives and miners marched to the mine along a desert road, dressed in mourning clothes and singing hymns to a lone drummer's beat. 
Crying and shouting, they scuffled with security guards manning the entrance.
A mother never tires of waiting, we want to see the bodies, said Yolanda Ramos, holding up a photograph of her dead son Mario Alberto, 26, at the front of the group.
Buried by thousands of tonnes of rock, many of the bodies may have been incinerated by temperatures soaring to 1,100 degrees F (593 C).
Thousands of unionized workers shut down most of the country's mines and metal plants in a one-day national strike in memory of the dead, hoping to pressure the government to punish Grupo Mexico, said the country's miners' union.
The union said 90 percent of unionized operations were closed, including one of the world's biggest silver mines, owned by mining company Penoles, as well as gold mines and steel and copper plants.
An Iraqi Sunni Muslim woman, 20, accused three Iraqi police officers Monday of raping her, pan-Arab broadcaster al-Jazeera reported.
The victim, who appeared on al-Jazeera with her face veiled, said the incident began when police stormed her house early Sunday in al-Amel district in western Baghdad while her husband was away.
According to the victim, the police accused her of cooking for Sunni insurgents and took her to a police station, where they raped her.
They covered my eye, and I heard one of them saying let's start, the distressed woman said.
One of the officers took photographs during the rape and threatened her with murder if she reported the rape. 
The woman said that a neighbour alerted US soldiers about the attack, and she was released.
Christopher Garver, a US military spokesman, told al-Jazeera that he could not confirm any US role in the incident, but said, The US military will support the Iraqi government in its investigation.
Al-Jazeera reported that the woman did not specify that her attackers were Shiite Muslims, though Iraqi Shiites form the majority within the ranks of Baghdad police, especially senior commando units.
The allegation is likely to spur more tension between Sunnis and Shiites as Iraqi-US joint forces have been attempting for the seventh day to enforce a crackdown in the capital, as part of a new Iraqi security plan.
Iraqi Deputy Interior Minister Hussein Ali Kamel rejected the allegation: Something like this could not happen, because Iraqi forces are operating with US forces all the time.
By God, if you don't bring justice to this Muslim Iraqi woman, history will curse us with eternal disgrace, Sunni Iraqi Parliament speaker Mahmoud al-Mashhadani told al-Jazeera.
Colombia's foreign minister Maria Consuelo Araujo resigned abruptly on Monday, days after her brother, a senator, was arrested for allegedly funding right-wing paramilitary squads.
Iran may be able to enrich uranium on a mass scale in just six months, but it could still be 10 years away from the capacity to build a nuclear bomb, the chief UN monitor said in remarks published Monday.
Mohamed ElBaradei, who heads the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), told the Financial Times that Iran has since August been using centrifuges at a pilot plant in the town of Natanz to enrich uranium.
The UN watchdog believes that Iran could set up an industrial scale capacity of 3,000 centrifuges within the next 12 months. 
That would be enough to begin producing fissile material for a bomb.
It could be six months, it could be a year, ElBaradei said in an interview in the newspaper's Tuesday edition.
ElBaradei added that Tehran had learned so much from its pilot programme that it would be impossible to turn the clock back.
Although fears that Tehran might learn enough about uranium enrichment may have been relevant six months ago, it is not relevant today because Iran has been running these centrifuges for at least six months, ElBaradei said.
Uranium is enriched to be civilian reactor fuel but can also make the explosive core of atom bombs.
The UN Security Council imposed sanctions in December to force Iran to halt all enrichment work. 
Iran is expected to be unlikely to meet a UN deadline Wednesday to suspend enrichment.
However, ElBaradei sought to dispel any alarm.
There's a big difference between acquiring the knowledge for enrichment and developing a bomb, he was quoted as saying.
He added that, according to US and British intelligence estimates, Iran was still five to 10 years away from building a nuclear bomb, and warned against hype over Tehran's nuclear progress.
ElBaradei is set to meet Iran's nuclear negotiator Ali Larijani in Vienna on Tuesday amid spiralling tensions over the Iranian nuclear programme.
Indian External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee ended a day-long official visit to Bangladesh Monday with both neighbours pledging to strengthen bilateral ties, diplomatic sources said.
Mukherjee's main mission in Dhaka was to hand over to Bangladeshi government leaders letters of invitation to New Delhi for the upcoming summit of South Asian countries.
Sources said Mukherjee discussed however relations between India and Bangladesh during meetings with Bangladesh President Iajuddin Ahmed and the head of the country's current caretaker government Fakhruddin Ahmed.
India is hosting the summit of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) on April 3-4, the 14th such meeting of the SAARC countries since the regional forum was launched in 1985.
The SAARC started with Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, the Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka.
Afghanistan and Myanmar are likely to join the summit as the newly admitted members of the extended SAARC family.
US Vice President Dick Cheney headed to Asia on Tuesday with his first scheduled stop in Japan, a key US ally which has voiced increasing concern about the White House's approach on North Korea and Iraq.
Cheney will also travel to Australia and the US Pacific territory of Guam on a trip that comes on the heels of a breakthrough deal on North Korea and plans to deploy more than 20,000 extra US troops to insurgency-plagued Iraq.
The vice president will take pains to thank Japan and Australia for their help in Iraq and Afghanistan and may urge them to consider ways to beef up their presence in both war-torn countries, a senior US official said.
We will talk about where there are places where we need to have more done, what other contributions we and other countries can make to the efforts of both those conflicts, the official told reporters on condition of anonymity.
In Tokyo, Cheney will aim to dispel any worries about the North Korean deal, emphasising that it is only a good first step towards stripping the regime of its nuclear weapons programmes, he said.
Japan has refused to fund the deal, under which North Korea would receive badly needed fuel aid, due to an emotionally charged row over Pyongyang's past abductions of Japanese citizens.
I think it's reasonable to expect very serious discussions on North Korea and also some other issues that we are jointly faced with, a senior Japanese official who declined to be named said ahead of Cheney's visit.
On Wednesday, the US vice president will meet with top leaders including Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, and have an audience with Japan's emperor and empress.
Cheney will not, however, meet with Defense Minister Fumio Kyuma, who last month sharply criticized the decision to invade Iraq. A US official said Cheney's schedule was locked in place before Kyuma requested a meeting.
Officially pacifist Japan took the landmark step of sending troops to Iraq on a non-combat mission but former prime minister Junichiro Koizumi withdrew them before handing over power to Abe in September.
The Japanese official downplayed disagreements between the allies, saying Abe had reiterated support for US policy and the determination of his government to carry out various measures of cooperation.
But a poll carried Tuesday by the Asahi Shimbun showed that 57 percent of Japanese shared Kyuma's view that President George W. Bush was wrong to invade Iraq.
An overwhelming 81 percent backed Abe in refusing to fund the North Korea deal, with only 11 percent expressing opposition, said the liberal newspaper's poll of 1,940 voters.
Cheney will meet Friday with Australian opposition leader Kevin Rudd -- at Rudd's request, the US official said. 
Rudd has said his Labor Party would not back any increase in the number of Australian troops in Iraq, even military trainers.
However, Prime Minister John Howard said Monday Australia might send up to 70 additional military instructors to Iraq and deploy more troops in Afghanistan.
Cheney will meet on Saturday with Howard, who has complained about US handling of the country's sole terror suspect jailed at Guantanamo Bay, David Hicks, the so-called Australian Taliban.
Most Japanese are disappointed with the six-way deal on North Korea's nuclear programme and an overwhelming majority back the government's refusal to fund it, a survey said Tuesday.
Five countries including Japan struck a deal with North Korea last week under which Pyongyang will shut down key nuclear facilities within two months in exchange for badly needed fuel.
But Prime Minister Shinzo Abe insists that Japan will not provide aid to the nuclear-armed regime unless there is progress in a dispute over its past abductions of Japanese civilians.
Fifty-six percent of Japanese said that the nuclear deal did not meet their expectations, while 31 percent welcomed it, said the poll by the Asahi Shimbun. 
The rest were undecided or gave other opinions.
The poll showed 81 percent backed Abe's stance against funding the deal, with 11 percent expressing opposition.
The liberal daily carried out the telephone survey on Saturday and Sunday across the nation with 1,940 eligible voters giving valid responses.
North Korea admitted in 2002 it had kidnapped Japanese civilians to train its spies in the 1970s and 1980s. 
It returned five victims and their families and declared the others dead, but Japan says more are alive and being kept under wraps.
Abe built his career campaigning on the issue, which rouses deep emotion in Japan. His government has rejected criticism that Japan was isolating itself within the six-way talks which include Tokyo's main ally, the United States.
The nuclear accord calls for Japan and North Korea to hold talks on their tense relations, but Abe said more action was needed.
A statement issued by the Bahraini Interior Ministry late Monday to local press claimed that confessions obtained following recent arrests had uncovered a clandestine operation to destabilize Bahrainf and undermine its security.
According to the statement, 35 youths aged 20 to 25 had trained to use Molotov cocktails on a farm in the Shiite Muslim village of Bani Jamrah, west of the capital Manama.
Colonel Adel al-Fadel, head of the Northern Security Directorate, was quoted by the statement as saying that two defendants confessed to their crimes before the Public Prosecutor.
The arrests disclosed to the security forces important details about how recruiting and training of some young people had been carried out to achieve long-term goals with the aim of destabilizing the country security, he said.
Al-Fadel said that the first defendant, a resident of the Shiite village of Karanah, was apprehended in possession of a Molotov cocktail before attacking police during a riot in the village of Bani Jamrah.
The confessions of the first defendant led to the arrest of the second defendant, identified in the statement only as a resident of the village of Abu Saiba.
The first defendant said that the second defendant took him to a farm in Bani Jamrah, where a masked person trained them in a group of 35 youths in the use of Molotov cocktails against police, al-Fadel said.
He reported that the training on the farm had been carried out on dates set in a precise manner.
Al-Fadel said that the first defendant led authorities to the farm, where they discovered a neatly organized box full of empty bottles.
The second defendant, according to the statement, also confessed to his involvement in riots, vandalism and arson but denied accompanying the first defendant to the alleged training farm.
The Shiite village of Abu Saiba had witnessed it third straight night of unrest with clashes late Monday between protesters and police over the arrest of village resident Radhi Ali Radhi, who was detained following a morning raid Saturday on his home.
The detention of Radhi, who is in his early 20s, led relatives and friends to organize a protest the same day in front of the village entrance to demand his release.
His family had tried to see him at the police station, but they were turned away without being given a reason for his arrest.
Both police and protesters exchanged blame for the clashes, with protesters pointing out that their demonstrations were peaceful rallies to demand Radis release.
While police accused the protesters of holding illegal protests.
According to al-Fadel, the evidence confirmed to security agencies that the acts of vandalism that took place recently were part of a scheme to destabilize Bahrain and were not spontaneous reactions.
Three U.N. cars were damaged in an explosion in a residential area of the Kosovo capital Pristina on Monday.
But no one was hurt, witnesses said.
We are checking what happened, a police spokesman said.
A police source said it appeared an explosive device had been placed under one of the cars.
Twenty unidentified bodies were found in Baghdad on Monday, Iraqi police said on Tuesday, a spike in the daily death toll after a marked reduction since the start of a major security crackdown.
Most such bodies are victims of sectarian death squads andmany are found tortured, bound and shot dead. 
The figure from the morgue does not include victims of bomb attacks or others who are taken to hospitals and identified there.   
The U.S.-led offensive against militants had sharply reduced the number of death squad killings in Baghdad since the operation formally began a week ago.
Before the crackdown, police had been finding 40 to 50 bodies a day. 
U.S. generals, mindful of the failure of similar crackdowns last year, have warned that militants are likely to adapt their tactics and perhaps lie low initially.
On Sunday, they found just three bodies and in previous days around five each day.
A truck exploded near a restaurant in a town just north of Baghdad on Tuesday, killing five people and wounding 75, police said.
Police said the blast in Taji, 20 km (12 miles) from the capital, might have been a bomb attack but they were also investigating whether it could have been an accident.
They initially said the truck was carrying liquid natural gas but later said it was chlorine. 
Police said preliminary reports were of five dead.
South Korea's deputy foreign minister  headed to Washington on Tuesday for talks with US officials on ways to follow up on last week's deal on scrapping North Korea's nuclear programme, his ministry said.
Shim Yoon-Joe was to hold talks with US Undersecretary of State Nicholas Burns during his visit from Tuesday to Saturday, the ministry said.
He would also meet other officials including John C. Rood, assistant secretary of state for international security and nonproliferation, and Jack D. Crouch II, deputy national security advisor.
At six-nation talks in Beijing last week, North Korea agreed to start disabling its nuclear facilities in exchange for badly-needed energy aid.
As a first step it will shut down and seal its Yongbyon reactor within 60 days, admit UN nuclear inspectors and receive 50,000 tons of heavy fuel oil or equivalent assistance in return. 
Further steps to disable nuclear facilities would be rewarded with up to 950,000 tons of heavy oil or other aid.
Critics say the deal does not address the North's existing weapons or plutonium stockpile, or its suspected uranium-based weapons research programme. 
The agreement is the first step in a long series that includes the complete renunciation of nuclear weaponry and facilities within North Korea, White House spokesman Tony Snow said Sunday.
If they are going to get the benefits down the road including ultimately as much as a million tons of heavy oil, they've got to perform.
Seoul officials point out that the North must eventually submit a list of its nuclear facilities and programmes, including any uranium-based one.
Shim's US trip precedes a planned visit by South Korea's Foreign Minister Song Min-Soon early next month, Yonhap news agency said.
Right-wing Israeli-Russian billionaire Arkady Gaydamak said on Tuesday he planned to create a new political party to focus exclusively on socio-economic issues. 
I intend to create a new party within one month after having examined all the bureaucratic procedures, Gaydamak told AFP. 
The state of Israel is passing through a major crisis because it is being managed by some inefficient people.
As an Israeli citizen I consider this my duty, he added. 
I have certain experience in political, economic and social affairs. 
Gaydamak, a long time ally of right-wing Likud party leader and former prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu, said his own polling showed he had broad support from Israel's large Russian minority and could count on between 25 and 30 percent support in a nationwide vote.
In recent weeks Gaydamak and Netanyahu have played up their alliance in the media, and Netanyahu's poll ratings among Russian voters have shot up as a result, according to the Israeli press. 
One of the first Jews to immigrate to Israel from Leonid Brezhnev's Soviet Union, Gaydamak soon left for France, but fled back to Israel in 2000 amid allegations of Angola gun running and tax evasion.
The billionaire also owns Israeli football team Beitar Jerusalem and basketball side Hapoel Jerusalem.
Among women with no history of major illness, those with high cholesterol levels are significantly more likely to suffer a stroke, investigators in Boston report.
Dr. Tobias Kurth, from Brigham and Women's Hospital, and his associates point out in the medical journal Neurology that most studies looking at cholesterol and stroke have included people who already had heart disease, and excluded women.
To fill in the gaps, Kurth's team analyzed data from the Women's Health Study, which included 28,000 women aged 45 or older when they entered the study between 1992 and 1995. 
None had heart disease, cancer, or other major illnesses at baseline.
During an average follow-up of 11 years, 282 strokes occurred.
Being in the group with the highest level of HDL (good) cholesterol cut the risk of stroke nearly in half, the investigators report.
On the other hand, having the highest level of LDL (bad) cholesterol or non-HDL cholesterol roughly doubled the chances of having a stroke, compared with those with the lowest levels.
Our results further underscore the importance of unfavorable lipid levels as risk factors for stroke among apparently healthy individuals without prior vascular disease, Kurth and his colleagues conclude.
The European Parliament eased its own total smoking ban for its buildings in Brussels, opting to allow smoking in designated areas, Belgian news agency Belga reported Monday.
Some officials had been ignoring the ban behind closed doors.
Smoking will now be allowed in certain closed rooms with separate air circulation systems.
The rule was not achievable, a spokeswoman for Hans-Gert Poettering, the parliament's new president, was quoted as saying.
The move comes as the European Union pushes a smoking ban for all public buildings across Europe.
Mortar bombs hit several parts of Mogadishu before dawn on Tuesday, witnesses said, killing at least seven people in one of the fiercest bombardments since an Islamist movement was chased from Somalia's capital last month.
The hilltop presidential palace, Villa Somalia, and the coastal city's defence headquarters were among the targets hit, and hospital sources said dozens of people were wounded.
They showered us with rockets and a mortar also hit the compound. 
Luckily no one was hurt, said a government soldier who was in Villa Somalia during the attack but declined to be named for fear of reprisal.
Our troops and those from our ally Ethiopia were forced to fire heavy artillery, he told Reuters. We had to retaliate.
These elements are being paid to cause all this destruction. 
A woman living nearby said several people were wounded in the surrounding streets, and a Reuters TV cameraman saw five bodies in a western neighbourhood also hit by mortar rounds.
A spate of near-daily rocket and mortar strikes have challenged the government's bid to impose security and let Ethiopian troops who helped it oust the Islamists go home.
Deputy Defence Minister Salad Ali Jelle said two civilians were killed in the attack on the defence headquarters, and he also accused Islamist remnants of paying the assailants.
The insurgents are paying $100 a day to whoever fires rockets and mortars at the government and people, he said.
But Jelle said a 24-hour rapid response paramilitary unit that was unveiled on Monday would soon show results in its fight to stop the wave of guerrilla attacks.
The plan is to expand our control in the city so the extremists are no longer safe anywhere ... We intend to make it very hard for them to continue operating, he said.
With Ethiopian military help, government troops have boosted patrols and set up more checkpoints to help curb the bloodshed.
The attacks underscore the huge challenge facing President Abdullahi Yusuf's government as it tries to tame a nation in anarchy since dictator Mohamed Siad Barre was ousted in 1991.
His administration says it is doing its best to police one of the world's most dangerous cities with little help.
Pakistani police arrested two suspected suicide bombers from a banned Islamist group on Tuesday and seized explosives and jackets to be used in suicide attacks, police said.
Pakistan has suffered a spate of suicide attacks since mid-January, after an army air strike on militants in the South Waziristan region on the Afghan border. 
In the worst attack, 16 people were killed in an blast at a court on Saturday.
Police arrested the pair in the southern city of Hyderabad after a tip-off from three other suspected suicide bombers arrested in the city of Karachi last week.
Senior police officer Ghulam Haider Khoso in Hyderabad said the two suspects were linked with the Harkat-ul-Mujahideen militant group. 
They were arrested with hand grenades, pistols, explosives and jackets, he said.
We've learned that these two guys trained in Wana, Khoso said, referring to the main town in South Waziristan.
Harkat-ul-Mujahideen is fighting Indian rule in the disputed Kashmir region. 
The group also has links with al Qaeda and has been involved in militant attacks in Pakistan.
Separately, police in the capital, Islamabad, arrested two Shi'ite Muslim militants involved in sectarian attacks on rival Sunnis.
Senior city police officer Sikandar Hayat said the two were involved in the killing of a fiery Sunni leader, Azam Tariq, in 2003 and a bombing in the eastern city of Multan in 2004 in which 42 people were killed.
Thousands of people have been killed in sectarian attacks by Sunni and Shi'ite militants in Pakistan since the 1980s. 
Shi'ites make up about 15 percent of the mostly Sunni Muslim country's population.
An American soldier has been killed in fighting in Afghanistan, the U.S. military said on Tuesday, as the Taliban step up attacks at the start of a spring offensive.
The soldier was killed on Monday in the eastern province of Kunar, bordering Pakistan, the U.S. military said in a statement.
It gave no further details of the incident in a province which is a bastion for the Taliban and their Islamic allies.
After several months of a lull in fighting due to the harsh Afghan winter, the Taliban have resumed attacks against government forces and Western troops in the south and east.
More than 4,000 people, a quarter of them civilians, were killed in violence in Afghanistan last year, the bloodiest period since a U.S.-led coalition overthrew the Taliban in 2001.
The Taliban say they are gearing up for a spring offensive while the coalition and NATO troops are readying for their own offensive in what analysts say will be a crunch year in the war to quell a strengthening insurgency.
Assailants killed three Salvadoran congressmen, including the son of a civil-war era death squad chief, and left their charred bodies blazing on a Guatemalan back road, authorities said on Tuesday.
Eduardo D'Aubuisson, William Pichinte and Jose Ramon Gonzalez were deputies in the Guatemala-based regional Central American parliament from El Salvador's conservative ruling ARENA party. The remains of a fourth man were found with them.
Villagers discovered their bodies in a blazing car up a dirt track an hour's drive east of Guatemala City, Guatemalan Interior Minister Carlos Vielmann told reporters at the scene.
The deputies had gone missing during an overland trip to Guatemala from neighboring El Salvador. Vielmann said there was no doubt they had been murdered but that there were no clues yet about the motive or the identity of the assailants.
D'Aubuisson was the son of the late Roberto D'Aubuisson, an infamous 1980s death squad leader during El Salvador's civil war who went on to found ARENA. 
Julio Rank, spokesman for El Salvador's President Tony Saca, said he doubted the killings were the work of highway robbers.
You can see with your own eyes the vicious way these people were burnt, he told reporters as rescuers pulled blackened body parts from the car ditched among bushes up a chilly mountain lane.
The fourth man found burned to death is thought to be the congressmen's driver.
A gang of white teenagers were jailed for almost 80 years on Tuesday for the racist murder of an Asian taxi driver beaten to death in Huddersfield last year.
Mohammad Parvaiz, a 41-year-old father of three, was killed last July after he responded to what he believed to be a routine request for a taxi. 
He suffered 23 separate injuries in the attack.
Christopher Murphy was given a minimum jail term of 25 years while the judge at Leeds Crown Court handed down a minimum 21-year sentence to Michael Hand.
Graeme Slavin and Steven Utley were jailed for a minimum of 17 years.
Police said the main motivation for the attack was revenge for an incident that had occurred a few weeks earlier when Murphy's scooter had been damaged after a confrontation with a group of Asian youths.
The gang mistakenly thought Parvaiz had been involved in this because he had been hired to drop off the Asian youths.
Detective Superintendent Tim Forber, who led the police investigation, said he agreed with the judge's assessment that the attacks were savage beyond belief.
This was a pre-meditated plan. 
It was a savage attack, it was about a specific intent for retribution, he told reporters.
I don't think I have ever come across anything so utterly mindless.
He also paid tribute to the dignity the victim's widow.
She is a very, very strong woman but her life has been absolutely devastated and I don't think she will get over it.
Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki reiterated in Ankara on Tuesday that his country was in favour of solving the ongoing nuclear crisis through diplomacy and dialogue.
We have said that we want a diplomatic solution, Mottaki said at a press conference with his Turkish counterpart Abdullah Gul, adding that he hoped a meeting in Vienna between International Atomic Energy Agency chief Mohamed ElBaradei and Iranian negotiator Ali Larijani would be constructive.
Let's hope that this time the negotiations will not be interrupted like in the past, Mottaki said, insisting that an international settlement of the issue needed to safeguard Iran's rights and erase all fears that Tehran aims to use its enrichment capabilities to build nuclear weapons.
The Larijani-ElBaradei meeting came on the eve of a United Nations deadline for Iran to stop enriching uranium, which is used to make nuclear reactor fuel but can also make atom bomb material.
The United States accuses Iran of seeking a nuclear weapon, a charge denied by Tehran, which insists its atomic effort is a peaceful energy programme.
ElBaradei is scheduled to file a report by Friday certifying whether Iran has honored a UN Security Council call last December 23 for it to stop the enrichment.
Mottaki and Gul also said Tuesday they had discussed Iraq, emphasising that if the situation there is not stabilised, neighbouring countries in the region will continue to be hit by terrorist attacks.
Mottaki, who spoke with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Tuesday, was scheduled to meet with President Ahmet Necdet Sezer in Istanbul on Wednesday.
Just because you're the daughter of Bill Gates does not mean you get to play on your computer all day long.
The Microsoft founder said his 10-year-old daughter, his oldest child, was not a hard-core Internet and computer user until this year, when she started at a school where the students use tablet computers for almost everything.
She became very avid and discovered a lot of computer games, including one that runs on the Xbox 360 called Viva Pinata, where you take care of your garden, he told a business audience in Ottawa.
She could spend two or three hours a day on this Viva Pinata, because it's kind of engaging and fun.
Gates said he and his wife Melinda decided to set a limit of 45 minutes a day of total screen time for games and an hour a day on weekends, plus what time she needs for homework.
Microsoft's new Vista software enables parents to control the Web sites their kids go to but also includes an audit log that records sites they have visited and whom they've been Instant Messaging.
Up to some age, to be determined, it's very appropriate for a parent to get a sense of what they're seeing out there and be able to have conversations about it, he said.
My son said, 'Am I going to have limits like this my whole life?', and I said, 'No, when you move away you can set your own screen limits', Gates recounted, to audience laughter.
Smoking causes long-lasting changes in the brain similar to changes seen in animals when they are given cocaine, heroin and other addictive drugs, U.S. researchers said on Tuesday.
A study of the brain tissue of smokers and nonsmokers who had died showed that smokers had the changes, even if they had quit years before, the team at the National Institute on Drug Abuse reported.
The data show that there are long-lasting chemical changes in the brains of humans, said Michael Kuhar of Emory University in Atlanta, who was not involved in the study.
The chemical changes alone suggest a physiological basis for nicotine addiction.
A team led by Bruce Hope of NIDA, one of the National Institutes of Health, analyzed levels of two enzymes found inside brain cells known as neurons.
These enzymes help the neurons use chemical signals such as those made by the message-carrying compound dopamine.
Smokers and former smokers had high levels of these enzymes, the researchers reported in the Journal of Neuroscience.
Hope said other studies had seen the same thing in animals given cocaine and heroin and it was clear that the drugs were causing the effects.
This strongly suggests that the similar changes observed in smokers and former smokers contributed to their addiction, he added in a statement.
Experts on smoking have long said that nicotine is at least as addictive as heroin.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that 20.9 percent of all adults smoke in the United States, which adds up to 45 million people. 
And 23 percent of high school students smoke.
The European Union, United Nations, Russia and United States should end their immoral and counter-productive aid boycott of the Palestinian government, the international charity Oxfam said on Wednesday.
The comments come in the run-up to a meeting between US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and top diplomats from the other three members of the so-called Middle East Quartet on Wednesday in Berlin.
The Quartet needs to take off its blinkers and see the damage its policies are having on ordinary Palestinian families, Oxfam's international director Jeremy Hobbs said in a statement.
Using international aid as a battering ram to force through political change is not only immoral but also counter-productive.
The Quartet imposed the boycott a year ago after Hamas, blacklisted as a terrorist group by Washington, won legislative elections that gave them control of the government and refused to meet the group's conditions for recognition renounce violence, recognise Israel and comply with past Israeli-Palestinian peace agreements.
Oxfam also called on Israel to release taxes it has withheld since Hamas was elected.
While the Palestinian Authority is bled dry by Israel's seizure of tax revenue and the international aid boycott, peace will be a distant dream.
The Berlin meeting comes soon after a rare encounter between Palestinian and Israeli leaders in a bid to revive their moribund peace negotiations.
U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney met Japan's top government spokesman Wednesday morning, the first of several meetings on the day with top Japanese officials including Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to reconfirm their nations' cooperation on the North Korean nuclear and abduction issues.
Cheney held a breakfast meeting with Chief Cabinet Secretary Yasuhisa Shiozaki.
Shiozaki told Cheney of Japan's policy to provide no energy aid to North Korea unless the issue of Pyongyang's abductions of Japanese nationals is resolved.
Cheney replied that he understands the importance of the abduction issue, according to a Japanese government source.
During his three-day visit from Tuesday, Cheney is also expected to put Iraq and Afghanistan on the discussion agenda besides the North Korean issues, Japanese and U.S. officials said.
Cheney is scheduled to hold separate meetings Wednesday evening with Abe and Foreign Minister Taro Aso in Tokyo and have an audience with Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko the same day.
Aso said ahead of Cheney's arrival Tuesday afternoon that the trip is aimed at building sound ties between Japan and the United States.
Japan is expected to seek U.S. cooperation regarding making progress on the issue of North Korea's decades-old abductions of Japanese nationals, Japanese officials said, referring to what they see as the major sticking point between Tokyo and Pyongyang.
Cheney is likely to reiterate that Washington will continue to help trying to settle the abduction issue, a senior U.S. administration official in Washington said earlier.
Raising the abductions in bilateral talks comes amid concern that Japan faces isolation over its North Korea policies due to its focus on first resolving the abduction issue. 
Tokyo has repeatedly said it will provide no aid to North Korea unless there is progress on the issue.
Six parties the two Koreas, the United States, China, Japan and Russia agreed last week to exchange various forms of economic and humanitarian aid for steps by Pyongyang to abandon its nuclear arms and development programs.
Cheney last visited Japan in April 2004 and is holding his first meeting with Abe since he became Japanese prime minister last September.
Iraq is also likely to be on the agenda of Cheney's talks with Japanese officials as he is expected to explain Washington's new Iraq policy, and he plans to ask Japan to play a larger role in Iraq and Afghanistan to support the U.S.-led war on terrorism, the officials said.
Cheney's visit to Japan is part of a two-nation trip that will later take him to Australia, in what officials in Japan see as highlighting Washington's interest in forging stronger cooperation with its two close Asia-Pacific allies.
During his stay in Japan, Cheney will visit the U.S. naval base in Yokosuka, Kanagawa Prefecture, Wednesday.
So far, his itinerary includes no meeting with Defense Minister Fumio Kyuma, who about a month ago made comments critical of U.S. defense policy.
The Japanese officials said they are ''still talking about the possibility of a meeting'' in light of Cheney's tight schedule.
Aso said that the lack of a scheduled meeting between Cheney and Kyuma has nothing to do with Kyuma's recent controversial remarks, dismissing media speculation that Cheney is not meeting Kyuma due to U.S. displeasure over those comments.
Kyuma irked Washington by saying Jan. 24 that U.S. President George W. Bush's decision to invade Iraq was 'wrong.
Three days later, Kyuma said the United States lacks understanding regarding talks with Okinawa Prefecture over the relocation of the U.S. Marine Corps Futemma Air Station within the prefecture.
A five-storey apartment block in an Istanbul suburb collapsed early on Wednesday, killing a woman, Turkish television and officials said.
Rescue teams with dogs dug survivors out of the rubble after the building in the Zeytinburnu district fell shortly after midnight. 
Istanbul's governor Muammer Guler said 26 people had been rescued and were being treated in hospital, among them a seriously injured child.
He said he did not expect more people to be found as records showed 27 people lived in the building. 
A block next door was evacuated.
Witnesses told Turkish television the building had been damaged in an earthquake in 1999 which killed around 18,000 people in northwest Turkey. 
Shoddy construction, lack of building regulation and corruption have been blamed for building collapses in Turkey in the past. 
The Treasury Department said Tuesday it has barred a Lebanon-based construction firm run by the Hezbollah militant group from access to the U.S. financial system.
The action bars the company, Jihad al-Bina, from making any transactions in the United States and freezes any assets it may have under U.S. jurisdiction.
The department said Jihad al-Bina receives direct funding from Iran and is overseen by Hezbollah's governing Shura Council. 
The U.S. government has designated Hezbollah a terrorist group.
It alleges that Jihad al-Bina has used deceptive means to seek funding for projects from international organizations and has bolstered Hezbollah's public standing by rebuilding war-ravaged areas in southern Lebanon.
Hezbollah operates Jihad al-Bina for its own construction needs as well as to attract popular support through the provision of civilian construction services, said Stuart Levey, under treasury secretary for terrorism and financial intelligence. 
We will take action against all facets of this deadly terror group.
At the same time that we are targeting Hezbollah's construction company, the U.S. government is also working to ensure that legitimate reconstruction efforts, led by the Lebanese government, succeed, Levey said.
The United States pledged $230 million in humanitarian assistance to Lebanon in August 2006 and an additional $770 million in aid to it at last month's donors conference in Paris.
South Korea's foreign minister refused Wednesday to comment on whether North Korea has a secret uranium-based nuclear programme but said it must disable all weapons and programmes under last week's multinational deal.
It is not appropriate to publicly comment on which stage such a North Korean programme is at, minister Song Min-Soon said in response to a question on whether he believes Pyongyang has a uranium-based project.
On Tuesday Seoul's intelligence chief reportedly told a parliamentary committee he believes the North has a highly enriched uranium programme (HEU) despite its denials.
The United States also accuses the North of running such a project.
Song said six-nation negotiations had already produced a deal in 2005 on dismantling every nuclear programme which the communist state has.
All of the nuclear weapons and programmes that North Korea has and is presumed to have should be subject to dismantlement, he told a briefing.
It is an unchanged principle that all of its nuclear programmes, whether they are (based on) plutonium or uranium, should be dismantled.
A six-nation agreement reached last week has been criticised for not directly addressing North Korea's existing atomic bombs or its suspected HEU programme.
But Song stressed last week's deal was an initial step under which North Korea should start to make itself nuclear-free.
Under the February 13 deal the North, which conducted its first atomic bomb test last October, agreed to disable its nuclear facilities in exchange for badly-needed energy aid.
As a first step it will shut down and seal its Yongbyon plutonium-producing reactor within 60 days, admit UN nuclear inspectors and receive 50,000 tons of heavy fuel oil or equivalent assistance in return.
Action to permanently disable the nuclear facilities would be rewarded with up to 950,000 tons of heavy oil or other aid.
Song said the 2005 abortive nuclear deal and last week's agreement obliges the North to eventually declare and remove all of its nuclear weaponry, facilities and programmes.
Israel and the Palestinians should open direct negotiations on the political future of Palestine, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said ahead of a big power meeting on the Middle East on Wednesday.
We (Russia) will actively support direct contacts between (Palestinian President) Mahmoud Abbas and Ehud Olmert, Lavrov said in an interview with the government daily Rossiskaya Gazeta.
Contacts that would not deal solely with the opening of one checkpoint or another checkpoint, but aim to negotiate what the quartet has called the political horizon of Palestine.    
Foreign ministers from the European Union, the United States, the United Nations and Russia will meet as a quartet in Berlin to work out differences over how to deal with the new Palestinian unity government.
Lavrov said it was important to avoid mutual reproaches and minor disputes over incursions and shootings.
These are petty provocations -- petty compared with the key task of forming a Palestinian state, Lavrov added. 
Lavrov also said Russia wanted the quartet to back the coalition deal between Abbas and militant group Hamas and lift economic sanctions.
The United States advocates a more cautious approach of continued sanctions and isolating Hamas.
Ugandan security forces have arrested two former rebels, including a rebel commander, in connection with a grenade blast that killed another ex-insurgent working for Uganda's army anti-terrorism unit.
A series of mortar, bomb and gun attacks across Iraq killed at least 36 people and wounded scores on Monday, security officials said.
Twelve people were killed and 28 wounded when several mortar shells slammed into a southern Baghdad district, a security official said.
The shells hit near a procession of pilgrims marking the annual Shiite mourning ceremony of Ashura which culminates on Tuesday, the official said, adding that none of the pilgrims was hurt.
The mortars were fired into Baghdad's mixed Zafaraniyah neighbourhood, he added.
A suicide car bomb attack on an Iraqi army checkpoint killed four people and wounded 17 in Baghdad's Kadhimiyah district, the official said, adding that soldiers were among the casualties.
In a separate incident, four people died and five were wounded when a bomb exploded inside a minibus on Palestine Street in eastern Baghdad, security and medical sources said.
Another car bomb in Baghdad's Shiite Sadr City district killed one and wounded three more, while in the capital's central Karrada district a sniper shot dead a policeman standing guard at a bank, the security source said.
In the restive Diyala province, northeast of Baghdad, nine people were killed in a wave of attacks.
Of these, seven were shot dead in the provincial capital of Baquba, and a woman was killed in a mortar attack in the town of Khallis near Baquba, police said.
Attacks were also reported in the country's northern and southern regions.
In the northern oil city of Kirkuk, one person was killed by a bomb placed outside the entrance to a cemetery, police said, adding that the entrance was specifically assigned for taking in the bodies of Arabs and Turkmen.
In the southern city of Amara, two people were killed when a roadside bomb blew up as an Iraqi army patrol passed, police said.
Elsewhere two people were reported killed.
Police also recovered 25 bodies  22 in Baghdad alone  of people killed in apparent sectarian attacks.
Three bodies were retrieved from the Tigris river near the town of Suwaira, south of Baghdad, including one that had been decapitated, a security source said.
The unabated bloodshed comes as some 50,000 Iraqi soldiers and policemen along with 35,000 US troops are about to be deployed in Baghdad in a bid to quell the raging sectarian and insurgent violence which the United Nations said killed 16,800 people last year in the city.
The deployment is part of a make-or-break plan by US President George W. Bush and Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki to retake control of the capital's streets.
The Palestinian ruling party Hamas and its rivals Fatah late Monday called a joint ceasefire after four days of vicious factional fighting left 33 people dead, the territories' foreign minister said.
Minister Mahmud Zahar's announcement came after gun battles between rival Hamas and Fatah factions raged across Gaza despite a Saudi offer to mediate an end to the worst internecine violence in a year.
A ceasefire will come into force at 3:00 am, Zahar told journalists, reading a joint statement after Hamas prime minister Ismail Haniya met with Rawhi Fattuh, a representative of Palestinian Fatah president Mahmud Abbas.
All clashes must stop and armed men must withdraw immediately from the streets.
The ceasefire statement also called for militants loyal to both parties to release hostages they have taken from each side over recent days. 
Az-Zahar added that Haniya and Abbas would meet soon to relaunch a dialogue.
The call came after the worst violence since Hamas won a landslide election a year ago. 
The unrest torpedoed on-and-off talks to broker a power-sharing agreement and sparked Arab diplomatic efforts to appease the disturbances.
Two officers in the mainstream and pro-Fatah security apparatus, a Hamas activists and a civilian died on Monday, the latest casualties in four days of bitter fighting in which around 100 people have also been wounded, medics said.
On Monday night, a rocket-propelled grenade slammed into the Palestinian national security and police headquarters in Gaza City causing widespread damage, witnesses and security sources said.
Abbas, meanwhile, arrived late Monday in Cairo where he was to hold talks Tuesday with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on the deteriorating situation in the Gaza Strip, an airport source in the Egyptian capital said.
Egyptian security representatives also attended the meeting in Gaza between Haniya and Fattuh.
Abbas, speaking publicly on the latest bout of fighting for the first time, earlier Monday described the troubles as tragic and insisted that he would not allow the territories to disintegrate into civil war.
Tensions were aggravated last month when Abbas announced a plan for early elections, angering Hamas which denounced it as a bid to seize power. 
Talks on a national unity government resumed on January 23 but were interrupted by violence.
The warring factions have set up roadblocks and traded gun, anti-rocket and mortar fire throughout Gaza. 
Streets have become deserted as shopkeepers board up shops and civilians retreat to the relative safety of their homes.
The Hamas-controlled interior ministry said its director, Ibrahim Salah, escaped an assassination attempt in which one of his bodyguards was wounded.
The ministry blamed Mohammed Dahlan, Fatah's chief strongman in Gaza.
In a telephone conversation with Egyptian intelligence chief Omar Suleiman, Haniya promised that his Hamas-led government would make maximum effort to defuse the explosive situation, the cabinet said.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, whose country recently hosted talks between Abbas and Hamas supremo Khaled Meshaal, telephoned Mubarak to discuss ways to end the fighting, said the SANA news agency.
On Sunday, Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah offered to hold talks in the Muslim holy city of Mecca to stop what he called the disgraceful fighting, a proposal welcomed by Palestinian leaders on both sides.
Meshaal, who is based in Syria, and Fatah party leader Abbas welcomed the offer, although no date for talks has yet been announced and previous efforts to end the feuding have collapsed as killings have continued.
The groups blame each other for provoking the violence, which has exacerbated the woes of Palestinians gripped by the worst economic crisis in their recent history following a Western aid freeze after Hamas took office.
Hamas's rise to power has pitted its loyalists against the once dominant Fatah, which still occupies the presidency in a divided Palestinian government.
Palestinians are struggling to survive under the Western-led boycott against defiant Hamas, which refuses international demands to recognise Israel, renounce violence and abide by past peace deals.
China will expand anti-corruption audits of senior military officers as People's Liberation Army commanders seek to ensure the country's expanding military budget is spent as intended, state media reported.
At least 30 percent of officers at army, division and regiment levels would be audited in 2007 for possible financial misdeeds, the official Xinhua news agency reported late on Monday.
The head of the PLA's logistics department, Liao Xilong, told a meeting of officers that the crackdown was meant to ensure that China's military budget is not squandered. 
Wayward officers would be harshly punished, he warned.
We must comprehensively monitor funding meant to prepare for military struggle  its direction and amount, implementation of plans, and the results, Liao said, according to Xinhua. 
Ensure that all aspects of battle preparedness development pass the tests of war and history.
Over the past year, President Hu Jintao has pursued a drive against corruption, purging errant and disloyal officials. 
His campaign has reached into the country's military, which has enjoyed rapidly rising budgets over the past decade, as Beijing seeks to secure its regional influence and deter Taiwan, the self-ruled island, from moving towards full independence.
In January, the PLA introduced new rules to regularise audits of officers; about 1,000 senior officers already had their accounts inspected in 2006, according to reports last year. 
Last month, Hong Kong media reported that a Chinese vice-admiral was given a life sentence for embezzlement. 
He was accused of accepting bribes from contractors in exchange for building projects.
In recent years, the PLA - the world's largest force measured by personnel - has sought to raise efficiency by opening some procurement spending to commercial tenders. 
No official Chinese military budget figure is available for 2007, and many foreign experts say the PLA's actual spending is much higher than it reports.
The Nepalese government has decided to remove King Gyanendra's portrait from new bank notes, news reports said Friday.
At a cabinet meeting it was decided to replace the existing portrait of the king with a picture of the world's tallest peak, Mount Everest, on the new 10 rupee bank notes, the Nepali-language daily Kantipur reported.
The new bank notes will be brought into circulation soon, the newspaper said.
This will be the first time in Nepalese history that a king will not feature on the Nepalese currency notes and marks a significant step to move away from the institution of monarchy.
King Gyanendra, who was toppled during a mass movement of the Seven Party Alliance and the Maoists in April 2006, has been stripped of virtually all powers and royal symbols have been removed from government offices, including the Nepalese parliament.
The constituent assembly, formed after an election in mid-June, will vote to decide whether Nepal remains a monarchy or not.
According to the newspaper, Nepal's central bank had sent several samples of the new bank notes including the one with Lord Buddha for approval.
However, there have been objections from followers of the Buddhist faith over the depiction of Lord Buddha on the bank notes and the cabinet took no decision on other denominations of bank note.
The Nepalese government is likely to make a final decision on the replacement pictures on 1,000 and 500 rupee bank notes very soon and will ultimately bring them into circulation.
The Nepalese government has already decided to remove all references to the monarch from bank notes and coins.
British police said on Friday they had arrested a 48-year-old man who claimed to have sent one of a series of letter bombs to hit the country in recent weeks.
Anton Setchell, the police national coordinator for domestic extremism, said the man had been detained on Thursday under the Mental Health Act after he called a radio station to claim responsibility for a letter bomb in Wokingham, southern England, on Tuesday.
Despite this significant development there remains in place a substantial police investigation spread across several force areas. 
The focus of my investigation remains broad, Setchell told a news conference.
Six people were hurt in Swansea, south Wales, on Wednesday by the seventh letter bomb in a three-week campaign that has included at least three targets related to the enforcement of traffic rules. 
Police have said they believe the bombs were intended to shock, not kill.
Three of the letter bombs were sent in January, one of which bore the name of a jailed animal rights activist.
I continue to investigate leads that point towards animal rights extremism but equally I am focused in several other areas, Setchell said.
Sri Lanka's president Friday sacked three ministers, including the former foreign minister, amid growing dissension within the newly-elected 54-member cabinet, officials said.
President Mahinda Rajapakse dismissed former foreign minster Mangala Samaraweera, who is now Ports Minister, National Heritage Minister Anura Bandaranaike and non-cabinet Ports Minister Sripathi Sooriarachchi.
The president signed the letters dismissing the three ministers with immediate effect, a spokesman for the president's office said, adding that no replacements had yet been named.
The surprise sacking came a day after Bandaranaike, the brother of former president Chandrika Kumaratunga, publicly declared that elements of the government were trying to intimidate him with death threats.
The three men had also opposed Rajapakse's move to accommodate 18 opposition legislators within government ranks late last month and reward 10 of them with plum cabinet positions.
All three were demoted from the positions they held when the defectors were introduced. 
The cabinet swelled to 54 members, setting a record for the biggest government since independence from Britain in 1948.
The former foreign minister was a key ally of Rajapakse during the 2005 November presidential election campaign but fell out of favour over ideological differences.
Rajapakse went against Samaraweera's advice and accepted defectors from the opposition in a bid to secure a majority in the 225-member parliament where he had inherited a minority government elected separately in 2004.
The president has moved to nip a rebellion in the bud, a diplomatic source said. 
This is a signal to others that the president means business and won't hesitate to sack anyone.
With last month's defections, Rajapakse's Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) enjoys a majority and the sacking of the three ministers will not immediately cause any problems for the government's stability in parliament.
Ten Taliban were killed in clashes with Afghan and British troops near a major dam project in southern Afghanistan, police said Friday.
NATO's International Security Assistance Force, under which the British troops serve, confirmed the fighting in the Kajaki and Sangin areas of southern Helmand province on Thursday but not the death toll.
The districts border Musa Qala, where Taliban fighters took control of the main town a week ago.
There were no ISAF casualties, spokesman Captain Andre Salloum said.
We know that 10 Taliban, including one of their commanders, were killed, said Helmand province police chief Nabi Jan Mullahkhail.
Some of the Taliban involved in the fighting around Kajaki had come from Musa Qala, he said.
A tribal elder said there had been around 300 Taliban in Musa Qala town, captured overnight last Friday. 
The government has said it wants to persuade the Taliban to leave through negotiations.
British troops have been trying for weeks to clear the Kajaki area so that work can resume to rehabilitate a hydro-power dam that has the potential to provide electricity to 1.8 million people.
Helmand has seen some of the worst Taliban-linked unrest in Afghanistan and also produces about a quarter of the country's illegal opium crop, the largest in the world.
Opium production increased by 179 percent there last year, UN experts say, linking the drugs trade to the insurgency.
Most of a British deployment of 5,200 troops to Afghanistan is in Helmand.
Nigerian security agencies have been investigating subversive activities by some foreign correspondents, Information Minister Frank Nweke said on Friday.
In a statement mainly devoted to attacking a report on Nigeria by U.S. television station CNN, Nweke denounced what he called the stereotypical apocalyptic picture some Western media construct of Nigeria and Africa.
The report on kidnapping in the Niger Delta, he said, is another evidence of the subversive activities of some foreign correspondents in Nigeria which the Nigerian security agencies have been investigating.
A CNN spokesman in Atlanta said: We stand by the story and we refute the allegations.
Some Nigerian journalists have been arrested in past months over political stories, drawing international criticism, but there have been no recent examples of foreign reporters facing serious problems with the authorities.
Two Nigerian journalists were charged with sedition last year for saying the president's new jet was second-hand.
Nigeria is preparing for elections in April that should mark the first democratic transition from one civilian government to another.
Nweke is the architect of a campaign called Heart of Africa that seeks to improve Nigeria's image. 
The government has bought advertising space on London buses and in underground train stations to display billboards showing glamorous, successful Nigerians.
The campaign aims to debunk Nigeria's image abroad as a country blighted by corruption, crime, poverty and inter-communal violence. 
One of the slogans is Nigeria. 
It's not what you think.
But such efforts have had to contend with a constant flow of bad news, especially from the Niger Delta, the impoverished wetlands region that accounts for all of Nigeria's oil production.
Kidnappings are an almost daily occurrence there. 
Different armed groups are holding 31 foreigners hostage, thousands of expatriate workers have fled and a fifth of oil production is shut down because of militant attacks.
Other Nigerian stories that made international headlines in recent months include a pipeline fire that killed almost 300 people in Lagos, the third major plane crash in 12 months and the first confirmed death from bird flu in sub-Saharan Africa.
Unknown assailants on Friday fired a rocket into a hotel in north Mogadishu where senior government officials were staying in the latest post-war violence in the chaotic Somali capital, security officials said.
It struck the reception, breaking windows there. 
Definitely, there must be people who are wounded, one official told Reuters by telephone of the strike on the Global Hotel.
Since Islamists were ousted over the New Year during an offensive by Somali government and Ethiopian forces, there have been near-daily mortar, rocket and gun attacks in the city.
Civilians have mainly been the victims.
Among officials in the hotel hit on Friday was the deputy speaker of Somalia's parliament, authorities said.
Lebanon's Defence Minister Elias Murr said Friday that weapons seized from the Lebanese Shiite movement Hezbollah will be given to the Lebanese army to confront Israel in case of any future violations of Lebanese territory.
The trucks and the confiscated weapons are now with the Lebanese army in southern Lebanon, Murr told reporters in reference to a truck confiscated east of Beirut on Thursday carrying Hezbollah arms which included Grad rockets.
If Israel carried out another violation, we will use these weapons against it, Murr told reporters after a meeting with the commander of the UN peacekeeping force in Lebanon, Major General Claudio Graziano.
Murr told Graziano that Lebanese troops deployed in southern Lebanon have orders to confront Israeli forces in case of any new violation of Lebanon's sovereignty.
On Wednesday night, Lebanese and Israeli troops clashed across the border in the first such incident in decades. 
The confrontation caused no casualties.
The exchange of fire was the first armed incident at the Israeli-Lebanese border since Israeli troops withdrew from Lebanon in October, after fighting a devastating 33-day war against Hezbollah.
Hezbollah senior politburo member Sheikh Mohammed Yazbeck called on the Lebanese authorities to return the truck. 
We are still in a confrontation with the enemy which continues to occupy parts of our land and continues to hold Lebanese detainees.
US photographer Spencer Platt has won the World Press Photo 2006 award for his picture of a group of young Lebanese in war-devastated south Beirut, the organizers accounced in Amsterdam Friday.
Platt's photograph shows a group of young people driving around on August 15 in a part of the city that had been severely hit by Israeli bombs.
The photograph was taken immediately after a ceasefire went into effect between Israel and the Shiite Hezbollah movement.
Michele McNally, chairman of the jury said: It's a picture you can keep looking at. 
It has the complexity and contradiction of real life, amidst chaos.
This photograph makes you look beyond the obvious.
Platt is to receive his prize of 10,000 euros (13,000 dollars) on April 22 in Amsterdam's Old Church, where the winning photographs will be exhibited from April 24 to June 17.
The jury looked at jury 78,083 photographs taken by 4,460 photographers from 124 countries. 
Some of the pictures are to be seen on the website.
The US Air Force's planned deployment of its newest stealth fighters at its base in Okinawa was postponed on Saturday, a United States Forces Japan spokesman said.
Twelve F-22A Raptors had been scheduled to fly in to Kadena Air Base on the northern coast of the Japanese island Saturday afternoon from a base in Hawaii.
But the deployment will be delayed at least until Sunday afternoon, the spokesman said without clarifying the reason for the delay.
This will be the first overseas deployment for the US Air Force's new fighter developed by defence contractor Lockheed Martin Corp. as a successor to the F-15 fighter.
Taliban ambushed a police patrol in Afghanistan's southern province of Kandahar overnight Saturday, killing four police and wounding three more, a police chief said.
The police were on patrol late Friday in the insurgency-hit Panjwayi district when Taliban fighters opened fire, kicking off a gunbattle, provincial police chief General Asmatullah Alizay told AFP.
Four police were martyred and another three were wounded, Alizay said. 
He did not say if there were casualties on the Taliban side.
A purported Taliban spokesman, Yousuf Ahmadi, claimed responsibility for the ambush in a telephone call from undisclosed location. 
Ahmadi claimed around 10 police were killed and wounded.
Police are regular targets of Taliban attacks in an insurgency launched after the hardliners were removed from government in late 2001.
Southern Afghanistan sees most of the violence. 
Police reported Friday that 10 Taliban were killed the previous day in clashes with Afghan and British troops near a major dam project in Helmand province.
The small town of Musa Qala, also in Helmand, has meanwhile been in Taliban hands for more than a week with the government able to call on NATO military support to oust the rebels but saying it wants a peaceful solution.
Afghanistan saw a dramatic increase in the level of Taliban-led militancy in 2006 with more than 4,000 people killed, most of them rebels. 
The religious extremists were toppled from power in a US-led offensive.
Chinese President Hu Jintao heads home Saturday after completing a 12-day, eight-nation tour of Africa where he spread Beijing's largesse and rejected criticism that China is milking the world's poorest region through unequal trade.
The visit to the Seychelles, which began Friday, was the last stop in Hu's trip, his third visit to Africa since taking office in 2003.
A primary goal of Hu's trip was to continue building economic and political ties with resource-rich Africa, increasingly important for fuelling China's growth.
Before Hu began the tour in Cameroon on January 30 China announced it would write off debts owed by 33 African countries as part of a multi-billion-dollar pledge made last year to help fast-track the continent's development.
On each stop in Africa Hu announced loans and grants, as well as signing deals to boost trade, which reached 55.5 billion dollars last year, according to official Chinese figures.
Hu consistently stressed throughout his tour that Africa had as much to benefit as China from the burgeoning relationship which has seen trade between Beijing and the continent triple in the last five years.
During a keynote speech in South Africa, which is China's largest trading partner in Africa, Hu said his country would certainly not do anything harmful to the interests of Africa and its people.
He said almost a century of foreign exploitation in China by Western powers had permanently scarred Beijing and therefore it was against any form of colonialism or slavery.
China and Africa have extensive common ground and a fine tradition of cooperation on major international issues. It serves our shared interest to strengthen coordination in international affairs, he said.
China's courting of Africa has caused tremors in the West in recent years as Chinese influence there has risen significantly.
While Western businesses have seen Chinese firms secure contracts to exploit Africa's natural resources, human rights groups and some governments have accused China of co-operating with regimes accused of human rights abuses.
The European Investment Bank, the European Union's financing arm, warned on Thursday that aggressive Chinese lending in Africa could drive up debt levels dangerously.
For some African countries, if funding comes too easily they are at risk of running up excessive debts, said the bank's president, Philippe Maystadt. 
He called on Chinese banks to apply tougher lending conditions based on the economic viability of projects and good governance, and impose environmental and social requirements.
The growing influence of Beijing has also sparked resentment among workers in several countries, particularly in Zambia, where Chinese firms in the mining, textile and construction industries have been accused of paying low wages, lax safety standards and bringing in foreign workers.
During his visit to the southern African country Hu announced that China will invest 800 million dollars (617 million euros) in the development of copper mines in the special economic zone of Chambishi in the north.
But his visit to a Chinese-run copper mine in Chambishi, where 50 Zambians died in a mine explosion in 2005, had to be cancelled after reports of planned protests.
Hopes China could turn the tide of months of failed diplomacy in Darfur were dashed when only mild pressure at most was applied on Khartoum during Hu's meetings with Sudanese leaders.
As Sudan's major trading and investment partner, China was seen as having enough leverage to convince Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir to accept UN peacekeepers for Darfur, where at least 200,000 people have died and more than two million have fled their homes.
After visiting Cameroon Hu went on to visit Liberia, Sudan, Zambia, Namibia, South Africa, and Mozambique before heading to the Indian Ocean Seychelles Islands.
Top advisers to Mahmud Abbas said they had fruitful talks with UN chief Ban Ki-moon here Friday on the Palestinian president's power-sharing agreement with the radical Islamist movement Hamas in Mecca.
Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat and top Palestine Liberation Organization member Yasser Abed Rabbo also brought up the next meeting of the Middle East Peace Quartet the United States, the European Union, the UN and Russia in Berlin on February 21.
We had a fruitful meeting with the secretary general, Rabbo told reporters, noting that the focus was on Abbas's accord with Hamas supremo Khaled Meshaal in Saudi Arabia Thursday to form a unity government in a bid to end deadly factional fighting and win back Western aid.
The meeting also dealt with issues related to the next meeting of the Quartet, Rabbo added.
The two Palestinian negotiators came to UN headquarters only hours after they met with US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice in Washington on their way back from Mecca.
Palestinian observer to the UN Ryad Mansour told reporters that Erekat indicated that Rice's initial reaction to the Mecca agreement was cautious and that the US chief diplomat was enthusiastic about her three-way summit with Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert on February 19.
Asked about a statement issued by the Quartet Friday urging the next Palestinian national unity government to recognize Israel, Mansour said: One should take into consideration that shifting political positions does not happen overnight.
One should be patient to give time to allow this transformation to take place, the Palestinian observer noted, adding that Erekat felt that the shifts were heading in a positive direction one should support.
The Mecca accord made no explicit reference to Israel or to respecting interim peace deals signed by the PLO.
But in a letter formally tasking Haniya with forming the new cabinet, Abbas called on him to respect agreements signed by the PLO, which Hamas has never joined.
Meshaal said the Islamist movement will stick to Abbas's commissioning letter, but did not clarify his group's position on recogizing Israel. 
Embattled Guinea President Lansana Conte appointed Friday a new prime minister, fulfilling a promise made after an 18-day general strike in which 59 people died, just hours after fresh violence wracked the country.
But the opposition quickly rejected the appointment of Eugene Camara, 64, a longtime government minister, as being too close to president.
With the Sunday midnight deadline set by the West African country's powerful unions fast approaching for the president to appoint a prime minister or face more unrest, thousands of protesters went on the rampage Friday in the north and the west of the country calling for the ailing Conte to step down.
The strikers set up barricades on the streets, overpowered police, torched two police stations and freed prisoners in Duinguiraye, 400 kilometres northeast of Conakry.
Eleven people were injured in the unrest.
Hours later, Conte who is in poor health and is rarely seen in public, announced the appointment of Presidential Affairs Minister Eugene Camara, 64, to the post of prime minister, through a decree read on state television.
Camara, is a senior civil servant who quietly rose through the ranks of the Guinean administration, and is seen as a moderate who is close to Conte.
The post of prime minister has been vacant since Conte sacked Cellou Diallo last April.
The new prime minister will have more power than his predecessors and will head the government a role undertaken by the president since independence from France in 1958.
After arduous negotiations between the union leaders and emissaries of the president last month, the ailing 72-year-old Conte agreed to give up his role as head of government.
At face value, Camara appears to meet the criteria set by unions last month who demanded a high-ranking competent civilian, with integrity untainted by graft in a country rated the most corrupt by the global watchdog Transparency International.
But observers in Conakry believe that his closeness to Conte, as well as his apparent weak personality, might give rise to reservations among the ranks of the unions, civil society and the opposition.
The opposition, quickly cried foul and slammed the appointment.
Camara is known for his faithfulness and allegiance towards Conte, said Mamadou Ba, spokesman of a grouping of 14 opposition parties said.
The president has shown that he is not ready.
But he does not want to appoint somebody who is a leader, Ba told AFP.
Three prime ministers have served under Conte over the past two decades and all either been sacked or quit. 
I accept this news with much emotion. 
It is an immense task which awaits me, but by the blessings of all, I will do my best, Camara, who has a tough task of lifting the bauxite rich country out of its social and economic woes, told AFP.
He entered government in 1997 as minister higher education and scientific research.
Camarra occupied that post until 2004 when he was appointed minister of planning, and was moved to the ministry of presidential affairs last month in a government reshuffle during the strike.
During the January strike Conte unleashed his security forces and in the ensuing heavy-handed crackdown, 59 people lost their lives including 49 on January 22 alone.
A new U.S. general took command of the American military in Iraq on Saturday, just days after an offensive began in Baghdad that aims to halt the country's slide into civil war.
General David Petraeus, a veteran of two Iraq tours and a counter-insurgency expert, took over from General George Casey during a ceremony at a U.S. base near Baghdad's airport.
Petraeus has urged that 21,500 extra American troops being sent to Iraq for the campaign be deployed as quickly as possible. 
Casey had been sceptical of troop increases.
A fire at a two-storey house in southern China wiped out almost an entire family, killing five children and their mother, the Nanfang Daily reported on Saturday.
The fire broke out at the village house in the southern city of Shantou early on Friday, said the newspaper. 
The children killed by the fire were aged between 8 and 16, the report said.
Their mother died after rushing back into the house in an attempt to rescue her children, while her husband survived by jumping from the second floor, breaking his legs, it said.
The cause of the fire was being investigated. 
Suspected militants used explosives to blow a large hole in one of Pakistan's biggest gas pipelines on Saturday, cutting off supplies to the main southwestern city of Quetta, police said.
A Baluchistan government official blamed tribal militants who are fighting for a greater share of the province's rich mineral wealth.
The blast blew up a three feet-long piece of the main pipeline, police officer Tariq Munzoor said, adding repair work had started at Kashmirabad just south of Quetta.
Insurgents linked to certain ethnic Baluch chieftains have waged a two-year campaign to win more political rights and a greater share of profits from the region's vast natural resources.
They also oppose President Pervez Musharraf's plan to build several military cantonments in the province, which borders Afghanistan and Iran.
At least eight people were killed in New Delhi on Sunday when a building collapsed in the bustling Madipur commercial district, the fire department said.
An equal number of others were injured and taken to hospital after the multi-storied complex went down, fire department spokesman Anup Sharma told AFP.
It's too early to say if the collapsed building was a housing complex or a commercial building, the official added.
The collapse occurred two days after the local administration unveiled a blueprint for fresh construction in the city of 14 million people until 2020, giving its approval to newer high-density housing.
A Saudi airliner with about 300 people on board burst its four tyres Sunday as it was preparing to take off for Jeddah, airport officials and witnesses said.
The accident on the runway forced an emergency closure of the international airport in the capital Dhaka to all incoming aircraft.
An Indian Airlines flight was returned to Kolkata while several other flights were diverted to Chittagong city, 250 kilometres south of Dhaka.
Saudia airlines and Bangladeshi engineers were working on the aircraft.
Initial reports said no one were injured in the mishap. 
An official probe into the incident was ordered.
No deal was reached Sunday during a tense day of six-nation talks aimed at ending North Korea's nuclear programme, and discussions will continue into the working week, the chief Japanese envoy said.
I think the situation still remains tough. 
Tomorrow it will become clearer which way it is going, whether the discussions are heading towards a settlement or not, Kenichiro Sasae told reporters.
The latest round of talks which began in 2003 and involve host China, the two Koreas, the United States, Japan and Russia began on Thursday on a positive note, with China circulating a draft accord on a potential deal.
The plan calls for Pyongyang to begin taking steps towards ending its nuclear programme in return for economic incentives, but has snagged on what Sasae said earlier Sunday were North Korea's excessive demands for energy aid.
Sasae said following the end of Sunday's talks that the day's events had been held in a more tense atmosphere than the previous day, and that energy remained one of the biggest sticking points.
It is indeed one of the biggest issues, he said, when asked about the debate over energy.
North Korea, apparently emboldened by its October detonation of a nuclear device, has demanded two million tonnes of fuel oil and other inducements, Japanese press have reported.
That would be four times as much fuel oil as offered under a now-defunct 1994 disarmament deal.
New Zealand police were trying to establish Sunday why a tourist bus crashed, injuring three Korean tourists so badly that they had to have their arms amputated.
The victims were two women aged 19 and another aged 34. 
Three others, including two 13-year-old girls, were in hospital following Saturday's crash, a few hours after a party of Korean visitors arrived in Auckland to begin a New Zealand tour.
Radio New Zealand said 15 of the 25 people on the tour bus were initially taken to hospital after the bus left the road on the way to the lakeside tourist resort Taupo.
Road Safety Minister Harry Duynhoven told media he wanted to make seat belts compulsory in all new tour buses. 
Rescue workers found the bodies of six people who suffocated deep in an underground cavern on Spain's Canary Islands on Sunday, a spokeswoman said.
The six were part of a group of 30, including scientists and members of a nature organisation, who had been exploring caves on Tenerife on Saturday. 
Most had managed to get out unaided, but eight were rescued in the early hours of the morning with acute breathing difficulties and were taken to a hospital.
Rescuers found the last six in the afternoon. 
There were five men and one woman, and one of the men was Italian. 
I can confirm there are six dead, and we have recovered five of the bodies so far, a spokeswoman for the emergency services said.
She said the missing were 1,500 to 2,000 metres (5,000 to 6,500 feet) underground and access for rescue workers was very difficult.
The official cause of death would not be confirmed until there was an autopsy, but initially it looked like lack of oxygen rather than toxic gas, she said.
The tunnels are very narrow. 
There is not much air and this was a big group, she earlier said.
The underground labyrinths on the volcanic island of Tenerife, off the coast of Morocco, are known to some locals. 
Newspaper El Pais said some were tunnels excavated in the 19th century in the search for water and that they were often filled with volcanic gases.
The Teide mountain on Tenerife is one of Europe's few active volcanoes.
French rescue teams Sunday recovered the remains of three persons killed when their small twin-engine Piper plane crashed the day before.
Officials said a couple and their child were found dead in the wreckage from the British-registered plane which had crashed in the in the Vercors mountain range of the French Alps.
The plane had left Shoreham, in England, and was on its way to the Mediterranean seaside city of Cannes when it disappeared from the radar screens. 
Officials believed the pilot was US citizen living in England.
The United States will not bargain any more with North Korea on its nuclear weapons programme, the US envoy to six-nation disarmament talks said here Monday on the final day of discussions.
I think we have put everything on the table. 
We offered a way forward on a number of issues. They just have to make a decision. 
I don't think we are going to do any more bargaining, Christopher Hill told reporters.
Hill said Monday would be the final day of talks, which started Thursday on an optimistic note with host China presenting a proposal for North Korea to take initial steps towards disarmament in return for economic incentives.
Hill hinted that the six-party talks which began in 2003 and group China with the two Koreas, the United States, Japan and Russia could be nearing the end of their usefulness if an agreement was not reached in this round.
I think there is a certain life cycle to these negotiations and I think there is an opportunity here, he said.
I think a lot of people have to look and consider the value of this diplomatic track.
I don't want to predict this is the last chance but I think it is a moment that we have to see whether the DPRK (North Korea) is interested in this opportunity or not.
Chief Japanese envoy Kenichiro Sasae told reporters Sunday that the problem in the current round of talks was North Korea's excessive expectations for energy aid in exchange for beginning to dismantle its nuclear facilities.
North Korea, apparently emboldened by its first-ever nuclear test in October last year, has demanded two million tonnes of fuel oil and other inducements, Japanese Press have reported.
Seven people, including a four-year-old boy, were killed when a multi-storeyed residential building located at a densely populated slum cluster in west Delhi collapsed during rains Sunday.
Fire fighters pulled out seven dead bodies, including that of a child and the owner of the building. 
Rescued six injured people who were admitted to Sanjay Gandhi Hospital and Balaji Health Care Institute, a senior Delhi police official said.
Earlier, the same official had put the toll at eight.
The condition of three of the injured was stated to be critical.
Fire brigade and police personnel scoured through the rubble for nearly six hours before calling off the operation during which they faced difficulties due to poor light, intermittent rains and hostile crowd which resented the late arrival of ambulances.
Police suspect that the structure was weak because of the use of low-quality construction material. 
The Municipal Corporation of Delhi had earlier last year issued a notice to the owner of the building for removing certain portions constructed illegally.
Three people on board a tuna fishing boat are missing after the vessel was found sunk in the sea off Miyazaki Prefecture Sunday morning, the Kagoshima Coast Guard Office of the Japan Coast Guard said.
Another fishing boat found the Yukiyoshi Maru with only its stern appearing above the surface of the water at around 6:40 a.m. about 130 kilometers southeast off the coast of the city of Kushima in the southwestern Japan prefecture, it said.
The Kagoshima Coast Guard Office is searching for the three and contacting other vessels in the area, suspecting any of the vessels might have been involved in a collision with the Yukiyoshi Maru, Coast Guard officials said.
The three on board were Yukihiro Koresawa, 48, the captain, Michio Yamanaka, 56, a deckhand, both from the city of Hyuga, and Yohei Hayashi, 29, a television cameraman from Fukuoka Prefecture.
The Coast Guard officials said a raft on the tuna fishing boat is missing.
The Yukiyoshi Maru left port in Hyuga early Thursday and was last seen Friday morning.
Two French Muslim organizations filed a lawsuit against a magazine that recently republished Danish cartoons insulting Prophet Muhammad.
The Grand Mosque of Paris and the Union of French Islamic Organizations accuse the magazine Charlie Hebdo of 'insulting people on the basis of religion', and inciting racial hatred by reprinting the offensive caricatures that were published by Danish newspapers last year.
The French newspaper Liberation, which called the trial 'idiotic', also republished the cartoons in solidarity with the magazine. 
The Paris court heard the case and will issue its ruling at a later date.
The two Muslim groups said Charlie Hebdo's decision to reprint the blasphemous caricatures was 'part of a considered plan of provocation aimed against the Islamic community in its most intimate faith. 
But Charlie Hebdo and Liberation claim that Muslim groups have no right to limit what they call 'freedom of speech'.
However, an opinion poll published on the Catholic weekly Pelerin suggested that 79% believed it was unacceptable to ridicule a religion publicly. 
A television debate between Charlie Hebdo publisher Philippe Val and Paris Grand Mosque rector Dalil Boubakeur also showed deep differences between the two sides, particularly over the limits of free speech, Islamonline.net reported.
Boubakeur said the offensive cartoons showing Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) with a bomb in his turban was not simply satire, but an insult against all Muslims by suggesting they were all terrorists.
We don't want censorship, we don't want the sacred to be protected by blasphemy laws or medieval jurisdiction, he said.
Last week, Boubakeur said he wanted to show the republishing the blasphemous cartoons was a provocation equal to acts of anti-Semitism or Holocaust denial, which are both banned under French law.
The offensive caricatures originally appeared in the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten on September 30, 2005. 
It was later reprinted in several European newspapers, angering Muslims all over the world. 
Last October, a Danish court rejected a libel case brought by several Muslim organizations against the Jyllands-Posten. Ironically, the court said there was no reason to believe the cartoons were meant to be 'insulting' or 'harmful'.
Sri Lanka's Navy destroyed a suspected Tamil Tiger boat and damaged another at sea off the island's northeast coast before dawn on Monday, officials said, estimating around 10 rebels were killed.
Navy fast-attack boats and ground troops destroyed and sank one of the small boats around 40 km north of the strategic northeastern harbour of Trincomalee. 
Sailors found what they believe to be the remains of a slain suicide bomber in the damaged boat.
The Navy detected two boats at around 4:30 in the morning and we have engaged in the sea and from land, said Navy Spokesman Commander D.K.P Dassanayake. 
We have destroyed one boat and recovered another fitted with weapons.
It was not clear how many people were aboard the boats, but Dassanayake said he suspected around 10 Tamil Tigers were killed and the Navy was scouring the sea for bodies. 
The Tigers were not immediately available for comment.
It was the latest naval confrontation amid a new chapter in two decades of civil war. 
The incident comes a fortnight after the navy sank three suspected Tiger craft off the main harbour in the capital, Colombo.
But analysts say the government and military are underestimating the rebels, expect the Tigers to hit back and forecast the conflict will escalate.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas said Sunday that Palestinians would shortly have a coalition government capable of forging good ties with the world's governments.
I believe the new government will be capable of performing its duties and will pursue a political programme that qualifies it to establish good ties with the world, Abbas said after talks with Jordanian Prime Minister Marouf Bakhit in Amman.
Abbas said that discussions focused on the agreement reached Thursday in Mecca, with Saudi brokerage between Abbas' Fatah faction and the ruling Hamas movement.
The accord provides for the formation of a national unity government that puts an end to a year-long power struggle that recently descended into bloody fighting in the Gaza Strip.
Responding to a question, Abbas said that on his return to Ramallah, he planned to ask Prime Minister Ismail Haniya, who leads the Hamas-dominated cabinet, to tender his government's resignation as a prelude for asking him to form a new cabinet.
Asked about Israeli reaction to the Mecca accord, Abbas said: So far we don't know their response, but regardless of their reaction this is a Palestinian and an Arab issue, and the Israelis should deal with the status quo.
It should be clear for both Israelis and the (Palestinian) government that the final status negotiations will be conducted by the presidency and the Palestine Liberation Organization, he said.
Abbas pointed out that his scheduled February 19 meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice would focus on final status issues, a reference to East Jerusalem, refugees, frontiers and settlements.
Olmert told a cabinet meeting earlier Sunday that his government neither accepted nor rejected the Mecca deal but said that the Israeli cabinet was studying the details of the agreement.
Abbas was expected to meet with Jordanian King Abdullah II prior to meeting with the Russian President Vladimir Putin Tuesday in Amman.
US military officials for the first time Sunday offered what they claimed was proof that Iran has been providing weapons and explosives to armed groups in Iraq, according to US media reports.
In briefing with reporters Sunday in Baghdad, US officials put on display rocket-propelled grenades and mortar shells bearing what they said were serial numbers from Iranian manufacturing. 
Explosives canisters designed to piece armoured military vehicles were also shown.
US officials claimed that the specialized explosives first appeared in Iraq in 2004, and that a shipment of the canisters being smuggled from Iran was captured in 2005, The New York Times reported.
During the briefing, the US alleged that Iranian security forces were sending such the arms into Iraq to target US and Iraqi government forces on order from the highest levels in Tehran, the Washington Post reported.
Reporters were admitted to the briefing on condition of anonymity for the US officials involved, and no photographs or recordings of any kind were allowed. 
The briefing including a US explosives expert and an intelligence analyst, neither of whom normally speaks to reporters.
Iran is a significant contributor to attacks on coalition forces, one US official said.
Sri Lanka's navy destroyed a Tamil Tiger boat Monday and captured another off the eastern coastal town of Trincomalee, the defence ministry said.
A naval patrol in the area detected the two Sea Tiger attack craft while they were cruising towards the southern part of Sri Lanka along the eastern shoreline.
Naval fast attack craft destroyed one boat and disabled the other craft, making it possible for the navy to capture it, Navy spokesman Commander D. P. K. Dassanayake said.
The navy recovered two bodies including one female Tiger rebel after the attack, he said, adding that several weapons were also recovered.
Each boat was manned by around four people. 
Dassanayake said the fate of the remaining six was unknown.
Elsewhere on the island, suspected Liberation Tigers of Tamil Ealam (LTTE) rebels gunned down a Sinhalese civilian driver in the northern town of Vavuniya late Sunday.
The victim was driving his three-wheeler taxi at the time the shooting took place, the defence ministry said.
More than 60,000 people have died in the 35-year-old ethnic conflict in Sri Lanka, where the LTTE is fighting for a separate state for minority Tamils.
Fighting has escalated between troops and Tamil Tigers in the past year, killing more than 3,800 people, despite a truce that has been in place since February 2002.
India will next month share with Pakistan the results of its investigation into the bombing of a cross-border train that killed 68 people this week, Indian External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee said Wednesday.
The minister said the information will be shared when the two sides meet in Islamabad for a joint antiterror mechanism on March 6.
As the blasts occurred on a train connecting New Delhi with the northern Pakistani city of Lahore, many had speculated that they were meant to disrupt.
But both countries have condemned the blasts and reaffirmed their commitment to the peace process. 
US Vice President Dick Cheney Tuesday called for resolution of a row over North Korea's abductions of Japanese civilians, which has prevented Tokyo from fully supporting a nuclear deal with Pyongyang.
We want to see a resolution of the tragic case of Japanese abductees, Cheney told reporters as he entered talks with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
North Korea has admitted kidnapping Japanese civilians in the 1970s and 1980s to train its spies. 
It returned five of them and their families in 2002 but insists others are dead.
Japan has refused to fund a six-nation deal last week on shutting North Korea's nuclear facilities until the row is resolved.
Denmark was poised to announce a timetable for the withdrawal of its troops from Iraq at a press conference on Wednesday,the Danish news agency Ritzau reported.
Ritzau did not provide a source for its information and there was no reaction from the Danish government since British Prime Minister Tony Blair was reported to be preparing an announcement on withdrawing British troops in Iraq.
Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen and Foreign Minister Per Stig Moeller were to hold a press conference at 1:30pm, the government said in a statement.
The statement gave no further details on the press conference but, according to Ritzau, Rasmussen was to outline a timetable for the troop withdrawals.
Denmark has 470 soldiers stationed in Iraq, including 415 in Basra in the south of the country under British command. 
Six Danish soldiers have been killed in Iraq since 2003.
One Spanish soldier was killed and two were wounded when their convoy was attacked in southern Afghanistan, the defence ministry said on Wednesday.
Hamas on Wednesday said it took the Middle East Quartet's stance on a possible unity government as progress, though the international group stopped short of endorsing the Hamas-Fatah agreement.
The Quartet meeting hasn't talked about imposing embargo on the new national unity government, Hamas spokesman Ghazi Hamad said. 
I believe that there was a progress in the committee's stance towards the new government.
President Mahmoud Abbas designated Ismail Haniya to form a new national coalition after Abbas, Haniya and leaders of rival Fatah and Islamic Hamas movements agreed to an alliance in Mecca earlier this month.
However, the Quartet which consists of the United States, UN, Russia and European Union reiterated its demand that a Palestinian unity government abide by its conditions to recognize Israel, renounce violence and adhere to past international agreements.
Whether the new government will meet those conditions remains unclear. 
We observe with concerns what was issued by the Quartet during its meeting held in Berlin. 
We believe that there has been a change in the position of the Quartet that could open the door towards positive cooperation, Hamad said.
He said that some of the Quartet members' support to forming the national unity government, referring to Russia and the European Union, and  avoiding the use of embargo language is encouraging.
We look forward towards full cooperation after the formation of the new government, Hamad said, adding this positive position would leave the door opened for more positive steps in the future.
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice had earlier said that Washington had not yet decided on whether it would recognize the planned Palestinian unity government and planned to take a wait and see approach.
There isn't a Palestinian unity government to support at the moment, Rice said after the meeting in Berlin of the Mideast Quartet consisting of the United States, the UN, Russia and the European Union.
Desperate Housewives star Marcia Cross has given birth to twin girls the first children for the actress and her stockbroker husband Tom Mahoney, People magazine reported on Wednesday.
Publicists for the 44-year-old redhead told the magazine that the twins, named Eden and Savannah, were born at a Los Angeles hospital on Tuesday and both mother and babies were doing well.
Cross had been placed on bed rest by her doctors in January for the remainder of her pregnancy, forcing production of the ABC network hit TV show to move to her real-life Los Angeles living room.
Cross plays the perfectionist Bree in Desperate Housewives and her expanding waistline had become harder to conceal during the last two episodes planned for her in the current season.
Sudan and Chad agreed on Wednesday to strengthen implementation of an existing deal to end the violence that has spilled over from Darfur onto their borders, a Sudanese presidential adviser said.
Majzoub Al-Khalifa, an adviser to Sudan's President Omar Hassan al-Bashir, told reporters the agreement was struck at a meeting of the leaders of Sudan, Chad, Libya and Eritrea that sought to end violence in Sudan's Darfur region.
What came out of this meeting is the normalisation of relations between Sudan and Chad and enhancement of the implementation of the previous Tripoli Agreement and the return of normal life to both countries, said Khalifa.
He said mechanisms of observation would be set up to monitor any attempt to smuggle weapons across the frontier.
Violence in Darfur has expanded into Chad, which accuses Sudan of supporting rebels launching cross-border attacks that have exacerbated ethnic tensions and triggered a flood of refugees.
Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi has been pressing Chad and Sudan to settle their differences as part of international efforts to bring peace to Darfur.
In February 2006, Sudan's Bashir and Chad President Idriss Deby agreed to end the crisis in the so-called Tripoli Agreement requiring they stop insurgents setting up bases on their territories and end propaganda against one another. 
In November 2006 they pledged to redouble efforts to repair their frayed ties.
Chad continued to accuse Sudan of sending Janjaweed militia across the frontier and of arming and directing rebels trying to overthrow Deby. 
Sudan's government denies this.
Wednesday's attempt to mend the Sudan-Chad rift was part of a wider effort by Gaddafi to tackle the Darfur conflict, scene of one of the world's worst humanitarian crises with an estimated 200,000 people killed and 2.5 million driven from homes since 2003.
The meeting, which also included Eritrean leader Isaias Afewerki, had been aimed at enticing the National Redemption Front rebel coalition to join a 2006 peace deal between Khartoum and a faction of the former rebel Sudan Liberation Movement.
Divisions among Darfur's rebel factions have been a factor in delaying an effective peace deal with Khartoum. 
One of the main factions complained on Wednesday it had not been invited to the talks in Libya and dismissed them as a charade.
The spiral of violence in Darfur has been slowed only by a huge humanitarian operation, which aid workers warn is increasingly under threat.
Washington calls the violence genocide, a term European governments are reluctant to use and which Khartoum rejects.
Al-Bashir has resisted pressure to authorise deployment of thousands of U.N. peacekeepers to support a 7,000-strong African Union mission in Darfur. 
Scientists who have proposed a controversial theory that surgery to remove a breast tumor may actually help the cancer to spread said on Wednesday their ideas may also explain why black women have been more likely to die of breast cancer in the past.
While they stressed that women should always get screening and quick treatment for breast cancer, they said their theory could also help explain the belief, widespread in parts of Africa and the United States, that removing a tumor can hasten death.
I must say that I am sure there is more to this than just a myth, said Michael Retsky of Children's Hospital and Harvard Medical School in Boston. 
His latest hypothesis, which he admits is not supported by any new direct research, is published in the International Journal of Surgery.
He stressed that any woman with breast cancer should get the tumor removed. 
And he noted that in the United States, the women who could be considered at risk of having their cancer spread now get chemotherapy anyway, which would stop cancer's spread.
At this time we are not suggesting any change in clinical practice. 
We think this is a subject that needs far more research, Retsky, who has worked with other scientists in South Carolina and Italy, said in a telephone interview.
The American Cancer Society also stressed that women should always get mammograms, and questioned the theory.
No woman should delay getting treatment for breast cancer, oncologist Dr. Len Lichtenfeld of the American Cancer Society said in a telephone interview.
What we do know is that by early detection, we find the cancer early, we have less risk of lymph node involvement, we have greatly improved the outlook for women with breast cancer, Lichtenfeld added.
Whether or not the theory is correct, I have difficulty with the logic that they employed to get there.
Retsky and colleagues studied several databases on women who have had breast cancer surgery. 
They published one study in 2005 suggesting that surgery might cause the activation of tiny tumors that had already spread.
Retsky believes there may be two mechanisms at work. 
One idea is that surgery itself, by wounding the body, causes it to produce growth factors that fuel the growth of the other, tiny tumors.
The other holds that a primary, or main tumor, secretes some sort of factor that holds the other tumors in check. When the main tumor is removed, the smaller tumors which had already spread are free to grow.
This creates the appearance that the cancer has come back, and with a vengeance.
These factors are known as anti-angiogenesis factors. 
Angiogenesis means the development of blood vessels, and several new cancer drugs employ anti-angiogenesis factors, literally starving tumors of their blood supply.
However, black U.S. women are diagnosed with breast cancer at an average age of 46, versus 57 for white women, he noted. 
Their higher death rate first appeared in the mid-1970s, just when mammography for early detection was introduced.
It might be that some black women have a genetic tendency to a particular form of breast cancer that becomes more aggressive after surgery, Retsky said.
When we looked for breast cancer in Africans, a common word that shows up is aggressive, he said.
Brazil banned the sale and transfer of nuclear equipment and technology to Iran on Thursday, citing a United Nations resolution on Tehran's uranium enrichment program.
Brazil began enriching uranium in 2004 and is one of a few countries with the full cycle of technology to make nuclear fuel. 
It operates two domestic nuclear power plants but does not have a nuclear weapons program.
President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva issued a decree that prohibits the transfer of nuclear technology to Iran and freezes financial assets with links to Iran's nuclear program.
The decree, published in the official gazette, cited a U.N. Security Council resolution in December that called on Iran to suspend its nuclear enrichment program by Feb. 21.
The International Atomic Energy Agency said on Thursday that Iran failed to meet the deadline and was expanding research-level enrichment of nuclear fuel into industrial scale production.
Brazil, which has large uranium reserves in the Amazon, is banned by its constitution from conducting nuclear weapons research. 
It is a signatory nation to the Non-proliferation Treaty.
Western powers must end their boycott of the Palestinian government in the wake of the power-sharing pact signed by Hamas and Fatah, a representative of the Palestinian presidency said Thursday.
Speaking at a conference between Spanish diplomats and representatives from 19 Arab League countries held in Madrid, Nabil Shaath called the boycott unjust and illegal and said it imposed a collective punishment of the Palestinian people.
If the boycott is not lifted it will be difficult to justify the agreement reached by the Islamist Hamas movement and the more moderate Fatah of Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas earlier this month in Mecca, Saudi Arabia, to form a new Palestinian government, he added.
The so-called Quartet of Mideast negotiators the United States, the European Union, the United Nations and Russia imposed an economic embargo on the Palestinian government after January 2006 parliamentary elections in which Hamas ousted Fatah from power.
The boycott led to widespread economic hardship in the Palestinian territories and growing unease in Europe over the measures.
A meeting of the Quartet in Germany on Wednesday ended with the major powers saying they would await the formation of the new Palestinian unity government before deciding whether to lift aid and diplomatic embargoes.
Hamas does not recognize Israel and is considered a terrorist organisation in the West.
Watching television disrupts children's' normal response to food they will eat more while they're sitting in front of the tube, whether or not they're really hungry.
These data, combined with those from other studies, support recommendations to reduce television watching and restrict eating while watching television as part of a healthy lifestyle, Dr. Jennifer L. Temple and colleagues from the University at Buffalo, New York, conclude.
Temple and her team looked at how television affected habituation to food cues. 
Habituation is the phenomenon that occurs when a person repeatedly provided with a food will eventually lose interest and stop eating it once they are full.
Providing a new, unfamiliar food can disrupt this process, and a person will start eating again even if they're not hungry. 
Non-food stimuli may also disrupt habituation if a person's attention is distracted.
In the first experiment, the researchers had 30 normal-weight kids ranging in age from 9 to 12 perform a computer task to earn points to eat food. 
The task consisted of 10 two-minute time blocks. 
For the first 7 blocks, kids worked for points to eat half a junior cheeseburger. 
For the final 3, some children continued to work for pieces of cheeseburger, others worked for French fries, and the third group worked for cheeseburgers while watching television.
While the kids who didn't watch television and were continually offered cheeseburgers as rewards eventually lost interest in the food, the children offered French fries and those who finished the task while watching television started eating again, the researchers found.
The television group and the French fry group spent more time responding to the computer task and consumed more calories than the third group confined to the same food without the distraction of television.
In the second experiment, researchers provided children with 1,000 calories worth of a favorite snack food and told them they could eat as much or as little as they wanted. 
Some of the children watched a 23-minute television show, others watched a 1.5-minute repeating loop of a television show, and the rest didn't watch television.
The researchers theorized that the repeating television loop would not require the children's constant attention.
The children watching the continuous television show consumed more calories (500) and spent more time eating (21 minutes) than the television-loop and the no-television groups combined, the researchers found.
Given that kids tend to eat high-calorie foods when watching television, snacks in front of the tube have the potential to profoundly affect how many calories children consume, even if the time they spend snacking is short, the researchers note.
They call for additional research to determine whether television's effect on habituation is different for normal-weight and overweight kids.
US Vice President Dick Cheney on Friday warned that the United States and ally Australia simply cannot indulge thoughts of an early withdrawal from Iraq as it would spawn a new wave of global terror.
Cheney, launching a two-day visit to key US ally Australia, praised Prime Minister John Howard's staunch support of the US-led war and its fight against terror, saying the only option for survival was to fight back ferociously.
As Britain announced a decrease in its troop numbers in Iraq and countries such as Denmark prepare to pull out of the coalition, he linked victory in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan with stemming a global tide of terrorism.
The notion that free countries can turn our backs on what happens in places like Afghanistan, Iraq, or any other possible safe haven for terrorists is an option we simply cannot indulge, Cheney said in a speech in Sydney.
We are determined to prevail in Iraq because we understand the consequences of failure. 
If our coalition withdrew before Iraqis could defend themselves, radical factions would battle for dominance over the country, he said.
Evoking the spectre of September 11, Cheney repeated the US goal of transforming Iraq into a stable democracy to avoid a spread of violence and extremist violence throughout the Middle East and the world. 
As support for the war in the United States and countries such as Australia in Iraq sinks to new lows amid spiralling violence, he said the only option for survival was to take the fight to the terrorists.
We've never had a fight like this and it's not a fight we can win using the strategies from other wars. 
An enemy that operates in the shadows and views the entire world as a battlefield is not one that can be contained or deterred.
In the war against terror, one side will win and the other will lose. 
Civilisation will continue its upward course, or go in a different direction, he said.
Cheney arrived in Sydney late Thursday for a visit officially aimed at thanking its ally for its support since war erupted in Iraq four years ago.
But the trip comes at an awkward time for Howard, who Cheney was due to meet for talks on Saturday, as he faces falling popularity numbers over Australia's role in the Iraq conflict.
Canberra has a relatively small contingent of around 1,400 troops in and around Iraq and Howard has rebuffed calls for a withdrawal, saying that would hand victory to terrorists and betray its ally in Washington.
Later on Friday, Cheney is due to meet Australian opposition leader Kevin Rudd, who has called for a staged withdrawal of Australian troops from Iraq.
The Secretary General of the Organization of the Islamic Conference Prof. Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu sought the urgent intervention of the international community to protect Al Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem from Israeli aggression. 
He also reiterated the need for a unified Muslim stance to stop heinous Israeli actions against the holy mosque and other Muslim holy sites. 
Prof. Ihsanoglu made these remarks in his presidential speech at the Expanded Extraordinary Session of OIC's Executive Committee at the Foreign Ministers' Level at the headquarters of OIC here today.   
The OIC chief underlined the need for taking bold position to prevent aggression on the heritage of culture and humanity in various parts of the world. 
The world should intervene actively to stop aggression on the holy sites of 1.5 billion Muslims, he said. 
Prof. Ihsanoglu recalled that Palestinian issue was the main reason for the establishment of OIC, 37 years ago. 
The OIC, which groups 57 Muslim countries, was formally established in September 1969 after the burning of the Al Aqsa Mosque. 
Prof. Ihsanoglu called upon member countries to pledge financial aid to the Al Aqsa Fund to help Palestinians in their efforts to stop the Israeli crimes. 
Israel's excavations at the Magharba Gate, one of the gateways to Al Aqsa Mosque, the third holiest site in Islam, were in grave violation of international laws that prohibited the distortion of natural, demographic, and urban structures, he said. 
Voicing grave concern over the silence of the international community on Israel's moves to Judaize Jerusalem, he called on the world to take steps to protect the culture and history in Jerusalem.
The OIC chief briefed the participants on the efforts being made by the organization in protecting Al Aqsa Mosque and other Muslim holy sites. 
He also lauded the efforts being made by Saudi Arabia in supporting Muslim causes. 
Prof. Ihsanoglu praised Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques King Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz for his successful initiative that resulted in concluding historic peace deal between Hamas and Fatah and ending infighting between Palestinian factions.
In his opening speech, Azerbaijan's Foreign Minister Elmar Mammadyarov, who is also chairman of the OIC Executive Committee, called on the world community to exert efforts for ensuring protection of Al Aqsa Mosque. 
The foreign ministers are examining the latest developments in the occupied Palestinian territories, in the wake of the ongoing Israeli excavations and demolitions in the vicinity of Al Aqsa Mosque. 
They are discussing ways to halt these violations that represent flagrant infringement to the Muslim sanctities, the international law and the Fourth Geneva Convention. 
The issue has already triggered Muslim outrage across the world.  
Prof. Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu, secretary general of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, expressed his anguish and dismay at the world's silence on Israeli moves to Judaize Jerusalem and change the holy city's historic character. 
When the Buddhist statues were being demolished in Bamiyan, the whole world rose up against the Taleban regime in Afghanistan. 
UNESCO was very active then, but not a word is being said against what Israel is doing to the Al Aqsa Mosque. 
Nobody utters a word against the Israeli aggression. 
Nobody is really taking any action, there is silence all over, he said in an interview with Arab News daily.
Prof. Ihsanoglu said the excavation work being carried out by Israel constituted the gravest threat ever to one of Islam's three holiest mosques. 
What we are watching today is the gravest threat because we are living in an age of globalization - in a world where everybody knows everything in real time, Ihsanoglu said. 
In the Middle Ages and during the Crusades, nobody knew what was going on. 
It took days and weeks and even months for news to trickle to the other quarters of the world.
The OIC chief said what was happening in Jerusalem was nothing new. 
This has been the case ever since Israel occupied Palestine. 
The Jewish State has always wanted to change the nature of Al Quds and the holy site. 
He said everybody was asking Hamas and the Palestinians to comply with the conditions of the Quartet (Russia, the United Nations, United States and the European Union). 
But nobody is asking Israel to comply with international law and with international conventions. 
As to whether some Muslim countries were in touch with Israel on the Al Aqsa issue, Ihsanoglu said: The only initiative that I know of is the Turkish initiative in which Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan discussed with the Israeli prime minister the issue of sending a technical, fact-finding mission to Al Quds Al Shareef to see the excavation work for itself. 
Apart from that initiative, I am unaware of any attempt to put pressure on Israel by OIC countries that have diplomatic relations with Tel Aviv.
As for approaching the United Nations, Ihsanoglu said: Yes, we have already done this. 
Two weeks ago, I was in Paris. 
I had a meeting with OIC ambassadors and UNESCO, and we had a long discussion. 
I had a meeting with OIC ambassadors and UNESCO, and we had a long discussion. 
Prof. Ihsanoglu said he had asked OIC ambassadors in New York to do the same. 
They had already proposed a strong resolution condemning the Israeli activities and Israeli aggression. 
Our ambassadors met UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and conveyed our message to him.    
The OIC ambassadors contacted the Quartet. 
We've conveyed to them the concerns of the Muslim world. We are doing everything that we can, but I think more needs to be done. 
The OIC Secretary General said Muslims the world over should continue to apply pressure on their respective governments. 
But we should not resort to any violence. 
We should always consider peaceful measures. 
We should refrain from any extremist action. 
The best that can be done by the masses is to shape world opinion. 
They should express strong concern and worries about what is happening to Al Aqsa Mosque and ask their governments to put pressure on countries that have access to Israel, that have leverage with Israel and also to coordinate the efforts in the United Nations and UNESCO, he added.
Sri Lanka and the rebel Tamil Tigers mark the fifth anniversary of their truce on Friday just a day after the guerrilla group said the deal was all but dead and that their freedom struggle would go on.
The pact, brokered by Norway in 2002, was meant to end a deadly conflict that has claimed more than 60,000 lives on this island nation in the past 35 years.
But the deal has collapsed amid an ongoing cycle of violence, with the government blaming the rebels and the Tigers, who have been fighting for an independent Tamil homeland, saying Colombo is responsible for the bloodshed.
Nearly 4,000 people have been killed since the ceasefire was agreed, and the rebels said late Thursday after the navy said it had sunk two suspected rebel boats, killing at least nine that the truce was effectively over.
Even though today it exists only on paper, it remains a unique document in the search for an end to the national conflict in the island of Sri Lanka, the Tigers said in a statement.
They warned that the government's military drive against them would only add to the bloodstained pages of the island's history.
It has also compelled the Tamil people to resume their freedom struggle to realise their right to self-determination and to achieve statehood, the Tigers said.
Norway's top peacebroker in the process, Erik Solheim, offered Thursday to try to revive peace talks, even as thousands of Sinhalese nationalists took to the streets in the capital Colombo calling for the truce to be scrapped.
It is my strong hope that both parties will recognise the need to secure the full implementation of the ceasefire agreement as a first step toward reaching a political solution, Solheim said in a statement.
Norway is willing to go the extra mile to assist their peace endeavours at their request, he said. 
As soon as the parties renew their peace efforts, we will be ready to do all we can to help.
Security forces also launched ground attacks against Tiger rebels Thursday as the guerrillas said thousands of civilians in the north had fled their homes in fear of an upsurge of fighting.
Military officials confirmed they were retaliating against rebel harassment, but said there was no major offensive in the region.
The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) said thousands of men, women and children from half a dozen villages along the de facto border between the two sides were on the move, seeking refuge deeper inside rebel territory.
On Wednesday, 25 Tamil civilians carrying white flags entered a government-held area in the northern district of Vavuniya and were provided with shelter and food by the troops, a military official said.
An exodus of civilians from the island's troubled regions is usually a first sign of stepped-up fighting between troops and the rebels.
Senior British government officials fear that US President George W. Bush will attack Iran before his final term in office ends in a little less than two years time, The Times reported on Friday.
They fear that Bush will seek to settle the Iranian question through military means, the daily reported, quoting unidentified senior British government sources.
He (Bush) will not want to leave it unresolved for his successor, one of the sources told The Times.
The reports follow comments made on Thursday by British Prime Minister Tony Blair who insisted there is no planning under way for an attack on Iran, and added that he knew of nobody in Washington who was planning an invasion either.
You can't absolutely predict every set of circumstances that comes about but sitting here now talking to you, I can tell you Iran is not Iraq, Blair told BBC Radio.
There is, as far as I know, no planning going on to make an attack on Iran and people are pursuing a diplomatic and political solution for a good reason that it is the only solution that anyone can think of as viable and sensible.
Foreign Secretary Margaret Beckett also said on Thursday that Britain remained committed to a negotiated solution and would now consult with its international partners to find a way to prevent Iran acquiring the means to develop nuclear weapons.
Iran has failed to comply with a United Nations Security Council demand to halt uranium enrichment, according to a report issued by Mohamed ElBaradei, head of the IAEA.
Britain is set to announce that it is sending up to 1,000 extra troops to Afghanistan, according to media reports Friday.
Britain's Defence Secretary Des Browne is likely to give further details in a statement to lawmakers in the House of Commons Monday, the BBC and the Guardian newspaper said.
The announcement would come just days after Prime Minister Tony Blair told the Commons that 1,600 British troops were being withdrawn from Iraq as increasing responsibility was handed to domestic security forces.
NATO has 35,000 troops in Afghanistan, but there have been disputes within the organisation over whether continental European countries including Germany, France, Italy and Spain should be contributing more.
Britain currently contributes around 5,000 troops, most of them based in Helmand Province in the south where they are likely to face a resurgent Taliban as snow melt in the coming weeks.
The Guardian said that the extra troops would number 1,000. 
The BBC did not put a figure on the deployment but described it as substantial.
A Ministry of Defence spokesman could not confirm the reports but told AFP, the troops are kept on a constant review.
if we need to make adjustments, we shall do it and make an announcement in the usual way.
The new UN emergency relief coordinator on Monday said he wanted to tour Sudan, Chad and the Central African Republic (CAR) later this month for a first-hand look at the humanitarian crisis spawned by the Darfur conflict.
Holmes, a British former ambassador to France who succeeded Jan Egeland of Norway as UN undersecretary general for humanitarian affairs, said he was currently holding talks with authorities of the three countries regarding a trip planned for March 20 to 31.
I want to get onto the ground soon to see for myself what is happening in some of the critical areas, he told reporters in his first press briefing since taking office March 1.
He noted that problems regarding the safety of displaced people as well as of humanitarian workers are increasing and unacceptable and the problems of access, if anything, are worsening.
Holmes said he hoped during his tour to meet with government officials, humanitarian workers as well as refugees and displaced people living in camps.
The Darfur conflict, which erupted nearly four years ago, has left at least 200,000 people dead and some 2.5 million displaced, according to UN figures. 
Some sources say the death toll is much higher.
The conflict has spilled over in neighboring Chad and CAR.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Tuesday vowed never to budge on the issue of North Korea's abductions of Japanese citizens, as the two countries prepared for talks on normalising ties in Hanoi.
Japan has refused to fund a six-nation deal on North Korea's nuclear programme due to the emotive row over the communist regime's kidnappings of Japanese nationals in the 1970s and 1980s.
We will never change our stance unless they do, Abe told parliament.
This is the time when we really have to stand firm, Abe said. 
This is something on which we can never yield.
Abe, who built his career campaigning on the abduction issue, spoke as Japan and North Korea prepared for talks this week in the Vietnamese capital that were arranged under the February 13 nuclear deal.
North Korea admitted in 2002 that it kidnapped 13 Japanese to train its spies in Japanese language and culture. 
It returned five of them and their families but insists the others are dead.
Abe insisted that Japan was not isolated despite its refusal to fund last month's six-nation deal, under which North Korea will receive badly needed fuel aid in exchange for disabling key nuclear facilities.
The United States completely understands and supports Japan's stance China basically understands us. 
So does South Korea, Abe told parliament.
We have won the world's understanding, he added. 
We have to make them realise that North Korea will never be accepted by the international community unless they solve this problem.
The six-way talks involve China, Japan, the two Koreas, Russia and the United States. 
Japan was a major financial backer of a collapsed nuclear deal reached in 1994.
An adviser to South Korean President Roh Moo Hyun will visit North Korea on Wednesday amid reports he may discuss arrangement of a second inter-Korean summit, the adviser's aides said Tuesday.
Lee Hae Chan, who served as prime minister from June 2004 to March 2006, is now serving as a special presidential adviser for political affairs. 
Lee, now a member of the pro-government Uri Party, will arrive in Pyongyang via Shenyang, China, and meet with the North's No. 2 leader Kim Yong Nam, president of the Presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly, Yonhap News Agency quoted Uri Party sources as saying. 
Lee will visit Pyongyang for discussions on establishing a peace regime on the Korean Peninsula and promoting inter-Korean cooperation, a Uri Party official told Yonhap. 
Meanwhile, Unification Minister Lee Jae Joung told local radio that Lee's visit to North Korea is unrelated to any discussions about another inter-Korean summit.
In June 2000, North Korean leader Kim Jong Il and then South Korean President Kim Dae Jung held in Pyongyang the first-ever summit between the two Koreas, at which time it was decided that Kim would make a reciprocal visit to the South at an appropriate time.
Japan will cut yen loans to China by 17 percent to 62.3 billion yen for the year to March 31 in line with its policy of ending fresh aid to its giant neighbour by the time of the Beijing Olympics in 2008, a Japanese Foreign Ministry official said on Tuesday.
All of the aid will be devoted to environmental projects, the official said, adding that the decision had been approved by a ruling Liberal Democratic Party panel on foreign aid.
Japan has been reducing its official development aid to China from a peak in 2000/01 in view of its giant neighbour's robust and fast-developing economy. 
The latest drop would mean yen loans are down 71 percent from the peak.
You could say that the role of such aid for economic infrastructure is coming to an end, the official said.
Concerns about China's double-digit growth in defence spending have been another factor behind the decline.
China said on Sunday that it that it would boost defence spending by 17.8 percent in 2007, accelerating its string of annual double-digit increases in money to modernise its military.
Japan and its close security ally, the United States, have repeatedly expressed concerns about China's defence spending and called for greater clarity about the budget and its aims.
The Japanese government decides its total aid budget before the start of each fiscal year in April. 
But usually does notdecide the final breakdown until the end of the fiscal year. 
Last year, Japan delayed a decision on the aid until June because of strains in ties, which had chilled after Junichiro Koizumi became prime minister in 2001 and began visits to the Yasukuni Shrine, seen by Beijing as a symbol of past Japanese militarism.
Sino-Japanese relations have warmed since Prime Minister Shinzo Abe took office in September and held ice-breaking summits with Chinese leaders. 
Premier Wen Jiabao is set to come to Tokyo in April on what would be the first visit to Japan by a Chinese prime minister since 2000.
At least 21 people were killed in a devastating fire early Tuesday which swept through a slum in the port city of Chittagong in southern Bangladesh, officials said.
At least 118 Shiite pilgrims were slaughtered in attacks across Iraq on Tuesday, sparking fears of reprisals that could frustrate efforts by Iraqi and US forces to quell sectarian violence.
The deadliest single attack was in Hilla, south of the capital, where two suicide bombers triggered explosives amid a packed crowd of worshippers walking to the holy city of Karbala, police Lieutenant Karim al-Hamzawi said.
Dr Mohammed Timini from Hilla Hospital's emergency room said 90 pilgrims were killed and at least 160 wounded, as queues of ambulances and private cars brought in scores of bloodied bodies.
Among the wounded, there are 50 in a critical condition. 
Eighty percent of the casualties are young men, but there are women and children among the dead, he told AFP at the hospital.
Tens of thousands of Shiites are making their way to Karbala, a shrine city around 100 kilometres south of Baghdad, for the Arbaeen ceremony on Friday, despite threats from Sunni militants.
Most of them are going on foot, leaving them vulnerable to attack.
Arbaeen marks 40 days after Ashura, the holiest day on the Shiite calendar, commemorating the killing in 680 of Imam Hussein, a grandson of the Prophet Mohammed, by armies of the Sunni caliph Yazid.
The Hilla bombings triggered fury amid the local Shiite population, and there was gunfire as militants accused government security forces of failing to protect the marchers from Sunni extremists.
Elsewhere in Iraq, separate attacks killed at least 28 more Shiites.
In Baghdad, eight pilgrims died when their minibus was raked with bullets by unknown gunmen in the Sunni district of Dura, while 15 more were killed and 47 wounded in three separate car bombings in other parts of the city.
Another five were gunned down in two attacks near Latifiyah, south of the capital. 
At least 15 more were wounded.
Sri Lanka's police said on Tuesday it has arrested policemen and soldiers as well as underworld figures in connection with a rash of killings and abductions in the latest chapter of the two-decade civil war.
The admission comes as the government faces mounting pressure from human rights groups and foreign governments to halt rights abuses blamed on elements of the military as well as Tamil Tiger rebels and renegades and after the discovery of five corpses in the island's north.
The magnitude of the problem is yet to be assessed. 
But the fact remains there are a few groups like this operating, Asoka Wijetilleke, Deputy Inspector General of the police's foreign intelligence department, told a news conference.
Some of them, which include ex-soldiers, serving soldiers, police officers and underworld gangs and other organised elements have been arrested, he added. 
That does not mean we have fully and completely investigated the whole thing.
Sri Lanka's Human Rights Commission says nearly 100 abductions and disappearances have been reported to them so far this year in the capital Colombo, eastern district of Batticaloa and the besieged northern Jaffna peninsula.
That in turn comes on top of 1,000 cases reported during 2006 as the island's civil war, which has killed around 68,000 people since 1983, resumed.
Naval forces from nine countries, including the United States, China and Pakistan, began exercises off Pakistan on Tuesday aimed at consolidating efforts in the war against terrorism, a Pakistani official said.
Forces from Britain, Turkey, Italy, France, Malaysia and Bangladesh are also taking part in the week-long Aman (peace) exercise in the Arabian Sea.
These countries are taking part with their forces and ships while we also have observers from 24 countries, said Pakistani navy spokesman Lieutenant Commander Salman Ali.
Ali said the exercise was aimed at increasing cooperation and consolidating security gains.
We also want to project Pakistan as a country contributing to peace and stability in the region, he said.
Pakistan's old rival India has not been invited to take part.
Two U.S. servicemen were killed after the vehicle they were in plunged into a ravine in eastern Ethiopia, the Ethiopian and U.S. governments said on Tuesday.
Another soldier and the Ethiopian driver of the vehicle were also injured in the crash on Monday, the U.S. Combined Joint Task Force-Horn of Africa said in a statement from its base in Djibouti.
The accident occurred when the vehicle in which the Americans were travelling fell into a deep ravine, Commander Demsash Hailu, spokesman for Ethiopia's Federal Police, told Reuters.
The U.S. military did not say what the soldiers were doing. 
But soldiers from the task force, which handles counter-terrorism in the region, often train local militaries and carry out civil improvement projects in poor areas.  
The crash took place about 48 km southwest of Hurso, which is 170 km west of the border with of Somaliland, the breakaway Somali enclave. 
The injured serviceman was flown to a military hospital in Landstuhl, Germany, on Tuesday morning and was in stable condition. 
The Ethiopian driver was in serious condition at a French hospital in Djibouti. 
The U.S. military is convening an investigation board to determine the cause of the accident, the statement said.
The military did not release the names of the soldiers pending notification of family.
Hundreds of foreign fighters are in southern Afghanistan helping the Taliban wage war against the government and its allies, the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force said Tuesday.
The foreign fighters are mainly from countries in Central Asia, the Middle East and North Africa, ISAF spokesman Colonel Tom Collins told reporters.
They numbered in the hundreds and some were linked to Al-Qaeda, he said.
Basically they are jihadists who have come here to wage combat against foreign forces and the government, he told AFP.
ISAF earlier announced the start of its biggest operation yet with Afghan forces, aimed at Taliban extremists, narco-traffickers and foreign fighters in the southern province of Helmand.
The Taliban, which was in government between 1996 and 2001, are said to have teamed up with opium smugglers in areas where they can profit from the government's lack of authority.
Collins said the hardcore of the Taliban those who believed in the movement's extremist ideology numbered in the high hundreds in Helmand although it was difficult to pin down figures.
They were however able to rally support from men who would fight just for the money, he said.
Part of Operation Achilles under way in Helmand was to separate the two and assert government authority so reconstruction and aid groups could enter the area to begin development work, he said.
Two African peacekeepers were kidnapped and then killed and one seriously wounded following an attack in Sudan's western region of Darfur by the only rebel faction to have signed a peace deal, the African Union said on Tuesday.
Two AU Protection Force soldiers were abducted and subsequently killed, it said in a statement.
The attack left a third soldier critically wounded. It took place on Monday in Gereida in the province of South Darfur.
This deplorable and condemnable act was perpetrated by gunmen believed to be elements belonging to the SLM/A faction of Minni Minnawi, who signed a peace agreement with the government in May 2006.
This brought to 11 the number of AU peacekeepers killed in Darfur since the force was deployed there in 2004. 
Another soldier has been missing for months.
Eight Saudi policemen were killed when their helicopter went down in Wadi al-Dawasir, a city in the south of the country, an Interior Ministry official said on Tuesday.
He said the crash was an accident and it took place late on Monday, but did not give cause.
All on board were killed, the official who spoke on the condition of anonymity told Reuters without giving details.
Helicopter crashes are common in the kingdom and usually reported by the official news agency SPA. 
UN chief Ban Ki-moon expressed outrage at the slaughter of at least 118 Shiite pilgrims in attacks across Iraq Tuesday and urged better protection of civilians and dialogue across sectarian lines.
The Secretary-General is outraged by the series of bomb attacks in Iraq today on Shia pilgrims who were making their way to the holy city of Karbala, his spokeswoman Michele Montas said in a statement.
Ban condemns these heinous acts, which appear to be aimed at provoking sectarian strife, the statement added.
The secretary general also appealed for maximum restraint in the face of these criminal actions, and urged Iraqi political and religious leaders to exert their influence to protect civilian lives and to promote mutual respect and dialogue between all Iraqi communities.
Tuesday's mayhem included a double suicide bombing on a street crowded with worshippers that claimed 90 lives in Hilla, south of Baghdad.
The attacks marked one of the bloodiest days since the start of a US-led security plan designed to quell sectarian violence, and triggered fears of reprisal attacks by Shiite militiamen on Sunni targets.
Venezuelan authorities closed an airport on the tourist Caribbean island of Margarita on Tuesday after a bomb threat to a Martinair plane that landed there with more than 100 passengers, officials said.
They said it was the second time in two days there had been a threat involving a plane at the airport in what they said was an attempt to damage the South American nation's tourism industry.
The passengers deplaned and authorities were scouring the plane that arrived from the Netherlands in case there was a bomb on board, the officials said.
Government forces in a provincial capital in the Central African Republic aided by French paratroopers have recaptured an airport occupied by rebels, according to French military authorities Tuesday.
About 100 troops of the combined force were able to secure the city of Birao, capital of Vakaga prefecture in the north-eastern Central African Republic, the French military high command in Paris announced.
The French paratroopers were inserted in a high-altitude night jump from a height of more than 3,000 metres.
The rebels had driven government troops out of the airport grounds on Sunday and attacked a unit of French military trainers. 
In response, French reinforcements were dropped into the area and several rebel vehicles were destroyed in airstrikes.
The airport was retaken without resistance.
After the military operation, 18 wounded African troops were evacuated.
Arab nations have protested over Israel's first hint of a nuclear arsenal to the U.N. atomic watchdog, saying this flouts international commitments to a nuclear arms-free zone in the Middle East, diplomats said.
An Arab statement to the International Atomic Energy Agency's board of governors this week faulted the IAEA's provision of aid for nuclear energy in Israel even though the country had never joined a treaty banning development of atom bombs.
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert raised a stir in December, when he implied Israel had nuclear arms, seemingly straying from a longtime policy of strategic ambiguity meant to deter potential Arab and Islamic foes, including Iran.
Olmert's remark represents a new confirmation of international and Arab suspicions about Israel's military nuclear capabilities, said the declaration by 15 Arab states and the Palestinian Authority, obtained by Reuters.
This is a clear violation of the will of the international community for a zone free of weapons of mass destruction in the volatile Middle East, it said.
The statement cited past resolutions by the IAEA and one passed by the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty review conference in 1995 and endorsed by the United States, Russia and Britain.
Olmert's comments, it said, underscored the danger that threatens international peace and security so long as the international community remains incapable of inducing Israel to accede to the NPT, to which all Arab states have acceded.
This clearly shows a policy of double standards based on political interests is being followed in the Middle East.
Israel's Foreign Ministry declined comment. 
An Israeli official, speaking on condition of anonymity, told Reuters, 
I think this is done routinely by the Arabs.
The Arab statement urged the IAEA to reconsider its nuclear aid projects in the Jewish state as long as it did not join the NPT and subject its nuclear facilities to IAEA inspections.
The IAEA's secretariat has frozen many such projects in Iran, an NPT member, to uphold U.N. sanctions slapped on Tehran prompted by suspicions it may be trying to secretly build atom bombs, and its stonewalling of IAEA investigations.
Israel is widely believed to have the Middle East's only nuclear arsenal around 200 bombs. 
Some Israeli and U.S. officials have mooted possible military action against Iran if diplomacy and sanctions fail to curb its nuclear activity.
Iran insists its nuclear fuel programme is for civilian electricity only. 
It has often complained of being punished while Israel, its arch-foe, has faced no pressure over its presumed nuclear arsenal and shunning of the NPT.
This is not a matter of point-scoring for Iran's benefit. 
But we want to demonstrate to Israel that this issue won't just fade away and to remind the international community of its responsibilities, said a senior Arab diplomat in Vienna.
Jordan's King Abdullah II will push an Arab-backed initiative on securing a lasting peace in the Middle East and urge the United States to get more involved in the process when he addresses a joint session of Congress on Wednesday.
Abdullah was also to meet with US President George W Bush Tuesday evening and held talks on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the war in Iraq with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on Monday.
The Jordanian king urged Rice to support the Arab peace plan first launched by Saudi Arabia in 2002, which promises recognition of Israel by Arab neighbouring states in return for a Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza, according to a statement released by the Jordanian embassy in Washington.
The United States continues to back a separate peace plan put forward in 2003 by the so-called Middle East Quartet made up of the US, EU, UN and Russia but has praised the Arab initiative for its willingness to recognize the Jewish state.
Talks between Israel and the Palestinians have stalled since the Palestinian militant movement Hamas took over power in March 2006 after winning legislative elections.
The US and Europe suspended aid to the Palestinian Authority until Hamas recognizes Israel, renounces violence and supports previous Palestinian agreements.
Abdullah told Rice that growing international interest in regional peace-making is an opportunity that the United States could capitalize on to bring Palestinians and Israelis back to the negotiating table, the Jordanian embassy said.
Abdullah would also push that message when he speaks before Congress Wednesday.
The first visiting head of state to address the legislative chamber since Democrats took over control in November congressional elections.
Rice has said there will be little movement in the process unless a new unity government between Hamas and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas' Fatah movement recognizes Israel.
Israeli Foregn Minister Tzipi Livni last week said Israel expected Arab nations to adopt changes to their initiative at an upcoming summit, especially over the right of Palestinian refugees to resettle in Israel. 
The Arab initiative was first adopted at the March 2002 Arab League Summit in Beirut the first time Arab nations as a bloc said they were willing to consider recognition of Israel.
The head of the U.N. agency for Palestinian refugees urged the West on Tuesday to stop isolating the Palestinian Authority following an agreement by Hamas and the rival Fatah faction to form a unity government.
It's time to demonstrate the courage ... to abandon the policy of isolation and replace it with an approach that is more conducive to peace and stability, Karen Koning AbuZayd, commissioner-general of the U.N. Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA), said.
Only tragic consequences will follow if we continue along the present path of isolating the Palestinian Authority and arming one side against the other, she said in a speech at the Chatham House think-tank in London.
Rival Palestinian factions, meeting in Mecca, Saudi Arabia, signed a deal on Feb. 8 to form a unity government, hoping to end bloodshed between their followers and win back Western aid cut off after Islamist group Hamas came to power in a January 2006 election.
The deal does not call on the new government to recognise Israel or renounce violence, and includes a vague pledge to respect, rather than accept, interim peace deals.
That falls short of meeting the demands of the Quartet of Middle East mediators, made up of the United States, the European Union, Russia and the United Nations.
U.S. President George W. Bush's administration has made clear its concerns about dealing with a government that includes Hamas.
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said last month, referring to Hamas's rejection of Israel.
Russia broke ranks with its Quartet partners by telling visiting Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal last month it would try to convince the Western powers to lift a crippling aid embargo on the Hamas-led government.
The EU has so far shown little sign of backing away from the Quartet's demands, though it has shown more flexibility than Washington or Israel.
AbuZayd said there were Palestinians who were weary of war. It is to these Palestinians we must appeal, she said.
Abandoning our combative, adversarial approach will restore the credibility of the international community and reassure all sides that it's possible to achieve peace by peaceful means, she said.
AbuZayd also said that donors had so far pledged only $17 million to UNRWA's $246 million emergency appeal for 2007.
The United States will not seek a seat on the UN Human Rights Council, senior officials said Tuesday, asserting the body had lost its credibility with repeated attacks on Israel and a failure to confront other rights abusers.
While we continue to remain very engaged on the issue on human rights within the UN system, whether that is the General Assembly or the Security Council, we do not plan this year to run for the human rights council, said State Department spokesman Sean McCormack.
Undersecretary of State Nicholas Burns linked the decision to remain off the year-old council to the 47-member panel's stance on Israel, which he said had discredited the body.
It spent the entire year slamming Israel four separate hearings by the Human Rights Council of the UN on Israel, but not against Burma, and not against Zimbabwe, and not against North Korea and not against Iran, Burns told a congressional hearing.
The council was created over the objections of the United States. 
Which said there were insufficient safeguards to prevent human rights-abusing nations from dominating the group. 
It's members are chosen from among UN states each year.
McCormack did not rule out having Washington run for a seat on the council in future.
If we do come to the day when we decide to run for the Human Rights Council, it will have gotten to the point where it is a credible institution and that we could, in fact, lend our diplomatic weight to the council as a participant, he said.
South Korean Prime Minister Han Myeong Sook resigned Wednesday to return to the pro-government Uri Party after completing 10 months as the country's first female prime minister.
Local news reports said Han may join the race in the party to pick the candidate for December's presidential election.
From now on, I'll be thinking about taking that step, Han told reporters in response to whether she would enter the presidential race, according to a report by Yonhap News Agency.
While I was prime minister, I concentrated on the prime minister's post, she was quoted as saying. 
Now that I am returning to be a politician, I am returning to my original role.
Han had earlier offered to resign as prime minister last month as the president formally was to leave the party and the special National Assembly was to end on Tuesday.
The Uri Party lost its status of the ruling party when President Roh Moo Hyun relinquished his party membership last month.
The Uri Party, which was formed in November 2003 by former democracy activists and supporters of Roh, lost top numerical spot in parliament last month when 23 party lawmakers bolted from the party en masse.
The two front-runners in the presidential race are from the main opposition Grand National Party former Seoul Mayor Lee Myung Bak and Park Geun Hye, former party chairwoman and daughter of the late President Park Chung Hee.
Roh's approval rating has nosedived to around 10 percent, due mainly to the sluggish economy, a string of policy flip-flops and heightened tensions over North Korea's nuclear test conducted last October.
Chief U.S. nuclear negotiator Christopher Hill reasserted his call Tuesday that North Korea should come clean on its alleged uranium enrichment program.
There's a whole list of things that North Korea has been purchasing over the years that are entirely consistent with a highly enriched uranium program, he said, in reference to centrifuges, aluminum tubing and manuals.
I think it's pretty clear we need North Korea to tell us what is in this effort and to explain what these massive purchases of very specialized, extremely expensive equipment are all about, he said during a forum sponsored by the Japan Society in New York.
Hill made the remarks just before the second day of two-day talks on normalizing ties between the United States and North Korea after decades of hostility that followed the 1950-1953 Korean War.
North Korea's alleged research into weapons-grade highly enriched uranium is a key concern for the United States as it seeks to implement the Feb. 13 agreement reached by the six nations discussing ways to dismantle Pyongyang's nuclear programs.
Under the pact struck by North and South Korea, the United States, China, Japan and Russia, Pyongyang is committed to closing operations at its Yongbyong nuclear reactor and producing a list of all its nuclear programs.
But Hill had recently admitted to deficiencies in the U.S. government's knowledge about whether North Korea has the technology and material needed to produce highly enriched uranium fuel for nuclear weapons, separate from its plutonium programs.
Japan on Wednesday welcomed the landmark talks between North Korea and the United States, despite its own reservations about a six-nation nuclear disarmament deal with Pyongyang.
Japan said it believed the talks in New York addressed North Korea's kidnappings of Japanese civilians, a key concern for Tokyo.
It is a good thing that the United States and North Korea are talking,  chief government spokesman Yasuhisa Shiozaki told a news conference.
We heard that they referred to the abduction issue and spent a certain amount of time on the issue, he said.
Christopher Hill, the top US envoy on North Korea, said Tuesday he was optimistic that North Korea will stay on track in the deal, under which it will shut a key nuclear reactor in exchange for fuel aid.
Japan has refused to fund the agreement due to the emotionally charged row over Pyongyang's kidnappings of Japanese nationals in the 1970s and 1980s to train the regime's spies.
Canada's foreign minister promised Tuesday to send 250,000 Canadian dollars to Indonesia after an earthquake struck the South East Asian country.
I wish to extend our sympathies to the families and friends of those affected by this disaster. 
Canada stands ready to assist the government of Indonesia in response to needs identified, Peter MacKay said in a statement.
The 212,000 US dollars will go to local aid groups to meet immediate needs in the areas affected by Tuesday's earthquake, which killed at least 71 people.
Ottawa will remain in touch with the Indonesian government and international aid organizations to evaluate the needs and determine how to help.
MacKay said he is deeply saddened by the quake and offered condolences to relatives and friends of the victims.
Insurgents with guns and a roadside bomb ambushed Shi'ite Muslim pilgrims heading for a religious festival in southern Baghdad on Wednesday, killing five and wounding 10, a police source said.
The attack in the Doura area of the Iraqi capital occurred after nearly 150 pilgrims were killed in a string of attacks on Tuesday. 
A double suicide bombing south of Baghdad killed 115 pilgrims in a busy street.
The attacks on pilgrims occurred just over a year after the bombing of a Shi'ite shrine in the city of Samarra that sparked an upsurge in sectarian violence in Iraq.
Crowds of pilgrims were out on the streets of Baghdad on Wednesday, undaunted by Tuesday's attacks.
The Republic of Korea Prime Minister Han Myeong-sook resigned on Mar. 7 amid speculations that she may join the primary race of the Uri Party for the December 2007 presidential election.
Han wrapped up her 10 months as the country's first female prime minister as the Uri Party woos her in an effort to reinvigorate its profile. Sources said that Han might become presidential candidate of the ruling party.
A candidate for the Prime Ministerial post is former Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance and Economy Han Duk Soo.
An earthquake measuring 4.8 on the Richter scale hit an area in western Iran on Wednesday, injuring 35 people, the official news agency IRNA reported.
The quake struck near the town of Doroud in Lorestan province, said IRNA. 
It said some of the injuries were light.
While fleeing during the earthquake and because of windows shattering, some people's bones were broken and some were slightly injured, Doroud Governor Nasrollah Reshnou was quoted as saying.
He said the walls of some houses and shops in Doroud were damaged.
IRNA said some people had set up tents to shelter in.
Natural disaster experts say oil-producing Iran is one of the most earthquake-prone countries in the world because it is criss-crossed by several major fault lines.
An afternoon session of talks in Hanoi between North Korea and Japan was cancelled, the Vietnam Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on Wednesday.
Japanese and North Korean diplomats met in the morning at the Japanese embassy in the Vietnamese capital on the sensitive issue of Pyongyang's abductions of Japanese citizens in the 1970s and 80s.
The meeting is cancelled, a foreign ministry official said, referring to the follow-on meeting due to be held at the North Korean embassy.
No reason was given by the North Koreans, the official said.
The discussions were part of efforts by the two countries to work toward establishing diplomatic relations under an agreement in six-party talks last month by North Korea to start shutting down its nuclear weapons programme in exchange for millions of dollars in energy aid.
Bangladesh is tightening security ahead of the planned execution of six Islamist militants who lost their last chance for clemency when their appeal was rejected by the country's president.
They will be hanged within a month after President Iajuddin Ahmed on Monday rejected their final appeal and ordered them to the gallows.
Prison officials said on Wednesday they were completing preparations for the hangings, but would not disclose the place and time for security reasons.
The curtain will fall soon, said one official who asked not to be named. 
Now this can take place any day.
The six include Shayek Abdur Rahman of the Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen group and Siddikul Islam Bangla Bhai of Jagrata Muslim Janata Bangladesh. 
Both outlawed groups are fighting to introduce sharia law in Bangladesh, a mainly Muslim democracy.
The six were sentenced to death by the High Court last year for masterminding or involvement in a series of bomb attacks which killed at least 30 people and wounded 150 in 2005.
The victims included judges, lawyers, police and other officials.
The home ministry said security had been beefed up across the country as intelligence reports said followers of the condemned men were regrouping and could strike again.
Bangladesh has been under a state of emergency since January 11, and is run by an interim government until the next election for which no date has yet been set.
The Israeli army seized about 50 Palestinians in a raid on the Palestinian Authority's military intelligence headquarters in Ramallah on Wednesday, Palestinian security sources said.
About 100 army vehicles surrounded the building in the early hours, with the troops threatening to open fire if those inside failed to leave, they said.
The sources said the troops detained about 50 people, while the Israeli army said it had arrested 18 wanted men. 
There were no reports of injuries.
The army arrested 18 Palestinians wanted for attacks and attempted kidnappings of Israeli soldiers and civilians, an army spokesman said, adding that weapons and explosives were also seized.
The Palestinian sources confirmed that 18 people had been arrested. 
An Israeli security source said those arrested were using the infrastructure of the Palestinian security services as a base to carry out their operations.
The Palestinian Authority knew this and did nothing to fight their terrorist activities, the source said.
In January, four people were killed and more than 20 wounded in an Israeli army incursion into central Ramallah to arrest Palestinian militants.
Last week one Palestinian civilian was killed and scores wounded during a multi-day raid by the army in the northern West Bank city of Nablus.
Afghan and coalition forces have killed nine Taliban militants in two separate incidents in troubled southern Afghanistan, officials said Wednesday.
Police ambushed a group of insurgents in the Grishk district of volatile Helmand province on Tuesday, killing five Taliban fighters and confiscating two vehicles, interior ministry spokesman Zemarai Bashary told AFP.
Separately the Afghan military said four insurgents were killed and one Afghan soldier was wounded on Sunday in a sweep by NATO and Afghan forces in Helmand's Kajaki district.
The joint forces also arrested two insurgents in Kajaki and seized some light weapons.
Kajaki is one of the focal points of a massive NATO and Afghan offensive launched on Tuesday. British troops have for weeks been trying to drive out Taliban from the area so work can begin to restore a major hydropower dam.
Meanwhile Afghan security forces on Sunday arrested a group leader of enemies named as Mullah Mahmood in the Panjwayi district of Kandahar province, where NATO and Taliban forces clashed last year.
The interior ministry's Bashary said Wednesday that Afghan authorities were still trying to verify reports of the abduction of a foreign journalist working for an Italian newspaper, along with two Afghan colleagues.
I can't confirm the abduction of any foreign national, we have no proof so far. 
We have not been contacted by anyone for a missing journalist and our police were not informed of any journalist traveling in the south, he said.
The Taliban claimed Tuesday to have captured a man who said he was working for Italian newspaper La Repubblica, which announced separately that one of its correspondents was missing.
The militants, whose anti-government guerrilla war is at its fiercest since the the Taliban fell in late 2001, have previously executed both foreigners and Afghans whom they accuse of being spies.
Iran will send a deputy foreign minister to a conference on Iraq's security where Tehran will be joined by other neighbouring states and the United States, Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki said on Wednesday.
The Iranian delegation will be headed by the deputy foreign minister for legal and international affairs (Abbas Araghchi), Mottaki told reporters.
He said Iran would take part in Saturday's conference with the aim of helping the Iraqi government and people.
His comments were the first unequivocal confirmation from Tehran that it will attend the conference, which will provide a rare chance for the United States to sit at the same table as foes such as Iran and Syria.
Italy's political establishment expressed deep concerned Wednesday over the fate of an Italian reporter held by Taliban insurgents in southern Afghanistan.
According to reports, Daniele Mastrogiacomo of Rome-based daily La Repubblica was arrested by the Taliban and accused of spying on behalf of the United States-led coalition while on his way to the Helmand province, where NATO forces have launched a major spring offensive against the insurgents.
Mastrogiacomo, who was initially misidentified as a British reporter, planned to interview Taliban leaders when he was apprehended and taken in for questioning in an undisclosed location along with his Afghan driver and interpreter on Monday.
The reporter's identity was confirmed when a Taliban spokesman contacted Rahimullah Yusufzai, a Pakistani journalist, seeking information on their prisoner.
Yusufzai told La Repubblica on Wednesday that he was played a recording over the phone in which a man identified himself as a 52-year-old journalist from Rome.
Italian President Giorgio Napolitano, Prime Minister Romano Prodi and Italy's political leaders expressed unanimous concern over the fate of Mastrogiacomo, one of the country's best and most experienced war correspondents.
The news of his arrest came as parliament was discussing a bill extending the country's peacekeeping mission in Afghanistan until the end of the year. 
The mission is strongly contested by the pacifist wing of Prodi's government.
A vote on the bill, initially scheduled for Tuesday, was postponed until Wednesday.
Mastrogiacomo is the second Italian reporter being held hostage in Afghanistan since November, when freelance photographer Gabriele Torsello was freed three weeks after being abducted in the restive Helmand area by gunmen.
Britain released the name on Wednesday of a Royal Marine killed the previous day in Afghanistan when NATO launched its biggest offensive since 2001 against Taliban guerrillas.
Marine Benjamin Reddy of K Company, 42 Commando Royal Marines was killed when his unit came under fire near the Kajaki hydro-electric power dam in Helmand province, which NATO troops hope to secure in their newly launched Operation Achilles.
Ben Reddy was a dedicated Royal Marine, his commanding officer, Lieutenant Colonel Matt Holmes, said in a statement.
He will be remembered as an honest and unselfish man who was conscientious in his approach to his duties and always worked hard for his friends and colleagues. 
He was always the first to offer assistance or to volunteer, no matter what the associated danger.
Reddy is the 51st British service member to die in Afghanistan since 2001, most of whom have been killed in the past year in Helmand province.
At least 160 Shiite rebel fighters were killed in two weeks of fierce fighting with army forces in the northern Yemeni province of Saada, a military official said Wednesday.
The official, whose name was not published, said in a statement that commanding elements in the outlawed Believing Youth armed group were among those killed in the battles.
The statement, posted on a website run by the defence ministry, did not give the death toll among the army forces.
Saada, some 230 kilometres north of Sana'a, has been the scene of fierce battles between the army and Shiite rebels for more than two months.
Government officials have accused the rebels of trying to topple the republican regime and establish an Islamic state, saying that foreign parties have been supporting them.
Local media reports have recently quoted government officials accusing Iran and Libya of financing the rebels.
Rebels are now under the command of Abdul-Malik al-Houthi, the younger brother of the group's founder, Hussein Badruddin al-Houthi.
Hussein was killed in clashes with the army in September 2004. 
Bloody confrontations between the Shiite rebels and the army have since left over 720 government troops dead, according to the official toll. 
Hundreds of rebels were also killed.
Saudi authorities have warned foreign embassies that a group blamed for last month's killing of four French nationals could strike again, diplomats said on Wednesday.
Saudi authorities officially notified us on Tuesday that the group could attack again and urged foreigners to avoid travelling outside cities, a Western diplomat said.
Interior ministry spokesman Mansour Turki could not provide immediate comment.
Some French residents in Riyadh said they received text messages on Tuesday from their embassy informing them of the Saudi warning.
We have reacted immediately by informing our nationals of the warning which urged foreigners in general to be cautious and to call police as soon as they notice that they are being monitored, French embassy spokesman Alain Guepratte said.
Saudi Arabia said on Tuesday it had arrested some suspects in the killing of the four French nationals and gave 24 hours to two Saudi nationals to turn themselves in.
Abdallah Sayer al-Mohammadi and Nasser bin-Latif al-Balawi have not abided by the ultimatum which expired at 0500 GMT on Wednesday, Mansour Turki said.
The ministry offered 7 million riyals ($1.9 million) for information leading to the arrest of the two men whose pictures were published on front pages of local newspapers.
The four French nationals, including a teenager, were killed on Feb. 26 during a desert trip in the Arab country. 
No one has claimed responsibility for the attack. 
Saudi authorities said two attackers perpetrated the killing which was the first attack on foreigners since 2005.
Saudi Arabia has vowed to crack down on Islamic militants and condemned the attack.
Islamic militants swearing allegiance to al Qaeda launched a violent campaign to topple the U.S.-allied Saudi monarchy in 2003, carrying out suicide bomb attacks on foreigners and government installations, including the oil industry.
China's stability could be threatened if the government tried to curb smoking, a senior official said on Wednesday at a discussion of the annual meeting of parliament.
Smoking harms people's health, but restraining smoking threatens social stability, said Zhang Baozhen, deputy chief of the State Tobacco Monopoly Administration.
Smokers rioted when the former Soviet Union collapsed because they could not get any cigarettes.
The principle applies in China as well, Zhang said. 
Responding to proposals from some members of China's parliamentary advisory body to curtail the smoking industry.
Partial smoking bans are already in effect in many places around the world, including Hong Kong, which returned from British to Chinese rule in 1997, several American states and parts of Europe.
As a developing country, China still needs the tobacco industry, Zhang said.
China, the world's largest producer and consumer of cigarettes, with nearly 2 trillion sticks consumed a year, bans its drivers from smoking, but the law is routinely ignored. 
The World Health Organisation estimates that smoking kills 1.2 million people a year in China.
China's ruling Communist Party has put strong emphasis on maintaining social stability as protests due to corruption, land grabs, environmental disasters and a growing gap between rich and poor increase.
With the development of modern technology, we can reduce the harm of smoking by lowering the toxic ingredients in cigarettes, the official said.
Two Belgian peacekeepers operating as part of a U.N. force in south Lebanon were killed in a vehicle accident on Wednesday, a spokesman for the peacekeeping force said.
Two other Belgian peacekeepers were seriously injured in the accident in the area of Kafr Shuba, in the eastern section of south Lebanon. 
We are investigating, the spokesman said.
Belgian forces are operating as part of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL), which was expanded as part of a U.N. Security Council resolution which ended a war between Hezbollah and Israel last year.
UNIFIL has around 12,000 peacekeepers from 28 countries.
At least 12 buildings and two stores were swallowed by a crater in Brazil blamed on massive amounts of rain that fell in January and February, reports said Wednesday.
The disaster site in Monte Alto, about 350 kilometres north-west of Sao Paulo, looked like the destruction from an aerial bomb, according to the internet website Estadao.com.
The hole also swallowed several heavy trucks and construction vehicles that were working nearby.
There were no human injuries because the accident happened during daylight, Estadao said.
Underground earth movements have been identified over the past years in the region, according to Folha Online. 
Mayor Mauricio Piovezan has closed access to another 70 buildings around the crater and ordered the evacuation of more than 200 people to a school.
Panic broke out in the city of 50,000 when the first reports came of the sinkhole. 
The phenomenon of such craters is called vocoroca in Brazil, and occurs frequently in areas with small amounts of vegetation.
Earlier this year, a giant sink hole collapsed over a construction site for an underground  metro station in Sao Paulo and swallowed a minibus, killing at least seven occupants.
A suicide attacker walked into a crowded Iraqi cafe and detonated a bomb, killing 30 people and wounding 29, a police officer in the local command centre told AFP.
The attacker struck in the town of Baladruz northeast of Baghdad, in a district inhabited by members of the area's Shiite Kurd minority, the officer said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
State television confirmed there had been an attack.
Unidentified gunmen shot dead an intelligence officer loyal to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in Gaza on Friday, a day after rival factions agreed on the make-up of a unity government, medics and residents said.
No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attack on a car in the central Gaza town of Deir al-Balah in which Hussein Asserhi was killed and a passenger was wounded.
In a separate incident, gunmen fired at a car carrying a  director of the U.N. refugee relief agency in Gaza City, causing no casualties, officials said.
Palestinians hope the unity deal will end street fighting between Abbas's secular Fatah group and Islamist Hamas that has claimed more than 300 Palestinian lives in the past year.
Abbas and Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh of Hamas agreed to form a coalition government during Saudi-sponsored talks in Mecca on Feb. 8 after violence sparked fears of civil war.
Disagreement over who would control Palestinian security forces was a major obstacle in coalition talks, but Abbas and Haniyeh agreed to appoint an academic with no security experience to the hotly-contested post of interior minister.
The unity government is also aimed at easing a crippling Western aid embargo of the Palestinian Authority.
Palestinian security sources said United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) operations chief John Ging's armoured car was hit five times by gunfire from a passing vehicle.
There is no information on who did the shooting, an UNRWA official in Gaza told Reuters. 
Palestinian attacks on UNRWA  which supplies vital aid and employment for refugees in Gaza, the occupied West Bank and neighbouring Arab countries have been very rare.
A Frenchman kidnapped February 8 in Nigeria has been freed, diplomatic sources in Paris said Friday.
Gerard Laporal, an expert in logistics who worked for the French petroleum giant Total, was released late Thursday by his captors, members of the Movement for the Emacipation of the Niger Delta. No details about the conditions of his release were provided in Paris.
However, in Nigeria, Rivers State Commissioner of Police Felix Ogbaudu told Deutsche Presse-Agentur dpa that Laporal was released unconditionally.
It is a happy ending of the abduction saga, and we are happy that the man has regained his freedom, he said.
The kidnapping of foreigners in the Niger Delta has become a major problem. 
Myriad of militant groups in the Niger Delta abduct expatriate workers and damage oil production facilities to back their demands for improved living conditions in the impoverished, but resource-rich region.
Most of the hostages are eventually released after the payment of a ransom. 
Since the beginning of the year some 60 foreigners have been abducted.
Two more US soldiers have died in Iraq, one in a blast in northern Salaheddin province, the military said Friday.
The soldier died of injuries sustained in the explosion during combat operations on Thursday.
A marine died in a non-combat incident in western Anbar province on Thursday, said a separate statement, without elaborating.
The military had on Thursday announced the deaths the same day of four soldiers who died in twin roadside bombings while returning from a cordon and search operation in eastern Baghdad.
The latest deaths brought the US military's losses in Iraq since the March 2003 invasion to 3,211, according to an AFP count based on Pentagon figures.
Police in the Pakistani capital Islamabad on Friday used tear gas to clear the offices of the private Geo news channel as it broadcast live footage of clashes with protesters.
Windows were smashed in the lobby as officers tried to interrupt transmission of violent scenes near the Supreme Court, where suspended chief justice Iftikhar Chaudhry stood before a panel of judges over allegations of misuse of office.
During a visit to the Geo building, Information Minister Mohammed Ali Durrani later condemned the police actions and said the channel should not be prevented from covering the events.
Cameramen on the roof of the television station had a direct view of running battles between police armed with tear gas, rubber bullets and sticks against rock-throwing youths.
The distubances escalated when protesters tried to reach the court while chanting slogans against President Pervez Musharraf.
A suspected Serbian mafia boss was in German custody on Friday, pending his possible extradition to Italy where he is wanted for membership in a criminal organization.
Andrija Draskovic was detained at Frankfurt airport last Sunday on the basis of an international arrest warrant issued in Italy.
Draskovic, who arrived from Belgrade, did not offer any resistance, police said. 
He was unarmed and carried a Bosnian passport as well as a Serbian identity card and driving licenses from both countries and from the US state of California.
Draskovic, 43, is believed to be one of the most powerful figures of the Serbian underworld, with links to the multi-billion dollar international drug smuggling trade.
His influence has grown since the killing of Serbia's then undisputed gangland boss, Zeljko Raznatovic Arkan, for which Draskovic was questioned but never indicted.
He has also been linked to cigarette smuggling between Montenegro and Italy and was questioned about this by an Italian prosecutor from Bari in 2002.
Draskovic is undergoing a re-trial for the 2000 killing of another crime figure in an upmarket Belgrade restaurant. 
He was sentenced twice and spent four years in prison but acquitted on appeal before a mistrial was declared.
A survivor of a spectacular assassination attempt in which his driver was killed, he always travels in a convoy of heavily armoured cars and is surrounded by bodyguards even when he goes to court.
A Frankfurt court is dealing with the extradition request, against which Draskovic has lodged an appeal. 
A court spokesman said a decision would take about four weeks.
At least four people were killed Friday in a bomb attack on Colombia's Pacific coast and another two policemen and five civilians were injured, the governor of the Valle del Cauca province said.
Angelino Garzon described the attack as terrorist, criminal and wicked and said the explosion caused serious damage to nearby buildings in the Colombian port city of Buenaventura.
Authorities suspect that the Marxist rebel group Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) is behind the attack. 
The port city with 160,000 people plays a large role in the illegal trafficking of drugs and weapons.
South African Nobel laureate Desmond Tutu said on Friday African leaders should feel ashamed for their silence on events in Zimbabwe where the main opposition said police assaulted activists including its leader.
We Africans should hang our heads in shame, Archbishop Tutu said in a written statement. 
How can what is happening in Zimbabwe elicit hardly a word of concern let alone condemnation from us leaders of Africa?
The opposition Movement for Democratic Change says its head Morgan Tsvangirai and scores of party supporters were arrested and beaten in police custody after attempting to stage a prayer rally in Harare in defiance of a ban by President Robert Mugabe's government.
Images of a battered and bruised Tsvangirai going to court have triggered condemnation from former colonial ruler Britain, the United States and other Western countries, but the response from Africa has been largely muted.
After the horrible things done to hapless people in Harare, has come the recent crackdown on members of the opposition.
African Union Chairman John Kufuor has said leaders on the continent should be embarrassed over events in Zimbabwe, and do more to resolve the crisis there.
what more has to happen before we who are leaders, religious and political, of our mother Africa are moved to cry out Enough is enough Tutu said.
Russian security forces have arrested eight people suspected of belonging to a criminal ring that sent women into forced prostitution in Western Europe, Russian media reported on Friday.
The suspects included a Russian army lieutenant-colonel and a Moldovan national, Russian television channels quoted the Federal Security Service as saying. 
The Russian officer could face up to 15 years in jail.
Video footage shown on television featured piles of Russian passports and stamps, as well as photos and European Union visas used by the ring.
With these documents, people were illegally sent to Western Europe where they were treated like slaves, the report said.
Another report said the criminal ring had been helped by a very senior official. 
It said the gang was uncovered in a joint raid involving Interpol and Russian and Uzbek secret services.
Most of those sent to the West were young women forced into prostitution, another report said.
The ex-CIA spy whose unmasking led to the conviction of Vice President Dick Cheney's top aide broke her silence on Friday to accuse the Bush administration of destroying her career for political reasons.
Speaking publicly for the first time, Valerie Plame Wilson told a congressional committee that she felt betrayed when her name appeared in a newspaper column in July 2003, shortly after her husband emerged as an Iraq war critic.
I felt like I had been hit in the gut, Plame said at the hearing, which drew dozens of reporters and photographers and was shown live on cable TV news channels. 
I could no longer do the work which I had been trained to do.
The leak of Plame's identity to reporters prompted an investigation to determine if government officials had broken any laws.
Nobody was charged with blowing her cover, but Lewis Scooter Libby, Cheney's former chief of staff, was found guilty earlier this month of lying and obstructing the investigation.
Evidence at that trial showed Libby and several other White House and State Department officials leaked her identity to discredit her husband, former Ambassador Joseph Wilson, who had accused the administration of twisting intelligence to build a case for invading Iraq.
The CIA sent Wilson to Niger in 2002 to examine Iraq's nuclear ambitions. 
His 2003 account of that trip put the White House on the defensive over whether it had misled the public about Iraq's nuclear capabilities, a key reason for starting the war.
The narrow focus of the Libby trial left unanswered many questions about the significance of the disclosure of Plame's identity.
Plame made no public statements during the nearly four years of investigation and trial, though the striking blonde did pose for a photo spread in Vanity Fair magazine.
Allies of the Bush administration have stated that it did little damage because she worked a desk job at CIA headquarters.
She used her highly anticipated appearance before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform to warn against political interference in the intelligence community and make clear that her identity had been a closely guarded secret.
My exposure arose from purely political motives, Plame said.
Plame (43) told the committee that she held covert status at the time and few people knew she worked at the CIA.
It was not common knowledge on the Georgetown cocktail circuit, she said, referring to the upscale Washington neighborhood.
Plame, who has left the CIA, said the disclosure effectively ended her ability to go on secret missions overseas, as she had done just prior to the leak, and would make it more difficult for the CIA to recruit spies in the future.
My name and identity were carelessly and recklessly abused by senior government officials in the White House and State Department, she said. 
Having signed oaths to protect national security secrets, they should have been diligent in protecting me, and every CIA officer.
Plame also said she was not responsible for sending her husband on the Niger trip, as White House officials had implied.
Committee Chairman Henry Waxman, a California Democrat, said Congress would further investigate if White House officials abused classified information.
It's not about Scooter Libby and it's not about Valerie Plame Wilson, Waxman said. 
It's about the integrity of our national security.
Vitamin C from dietary sources, but not from supplements, is associated with a reduced risk of oral pre-malignant lesions in men, a new study indicates.
Dr. Nancy Nairi Maserejian, of New England Research Institutes, Watertown, Massachusetts, and colleagues examined intake of vitamins C, E, A and carotenoids in 42,340 men enrolled in the Health Professionals Follow-up Study and the occurrence of oral pre-alignant lesions. 
The men provided information on supplement use and diet every 2 to 4 years.
A total of 207 oral premalignant lesions were diagnosed between 1986 and 2002, the team reports in the International Journal of Cancer.
The risk of developing such a lesion was not significantly linked to total intake of vitamin C, vitamin A, or carotenoids. 
However, dietary vitamin C was significantly associated with a reduced risk of oral premalignant lesions: those with the highest intake had a 50 percent reduction in risk compared to those with the lowest intake.
The researchers found no clear relationship with beta-carotene, lycopene, or lutein/zeaxanthin. 
A trend for increased risk of oral pre-malignant lesions was observed with vitamin E, especially among current smokers and with vitamin E supplements. Beta-carotene also increased the risk among current smokers.
It is possible that the protection that seems to be offered by dietary intake of vitamin C is actually partly due to some other component of vitamin C-rich food, Maserejian said in an interview with Reuters Health.
Although we do not yet know exactly what component or interaction between components is most important, a diet that includes vitamin C-rich foods as well as a variety of nutrients is likely to benefit most people, she said.
Our results also highlight the need to consider possible harmful effects of high doses of vitamin E supplements among smokers, the researcher noted.
Britain on Friday asked U.N. officials to brief the Security Council on Zimbabwe's political oppression and economic chaos, but South Africa made clear no action would follow.
Critics of President Robert Mugabe, 83, Zimbabwe's leader since independence from Britain in 1980, accuse him of ruining the country's economy and clamping down on any dissent.
Most recently, Morgan Tsvangirai, head of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change, was arrested on Sunday and emerged limping, badly bruised and with a head wound.
He blamed his injuries on an orgy of heavy beatings while in custody.
Britain's U.N. Ambassador Emyr Jones Parry said he asked for a humanitarian briefing because of the attacks on Tsvangirai, the economic crisis and the general political situation.
Jones Parry said he was not asking at this stage for specific action. 
Instead, he said he wanted to focus attention on the events of the last week and the economic and political situation, which had caused Zimbabweans to flee to other countries in southern Africa.
But Dumisani Kumalo, South Africa's U.N. ambassador, said that while he and other council members had no objections to the briefing, the turmoil in Zimbabwe did not affect international peace and security the council's mandate.
We do not believe that the issue of Zimbabwe belongs in the Security Council, Kumalo said. 
So to bring it to the council is surprising.
Developing countries as well as China and Russia have prevented action on Zimbabwe. 
Their main argument is that the council was encroaching on issues such as human rights, which are handled in other forums.
In mid-2005, Britain was successful in organizing a Security Council hearing by Anna Tibaijuka, the head of U.N.-Habitat, who wrote a devastating report on Mugabe's slum demolitions that threw 700,000 people out of their homes or jobs without providing proper housing elsewhere.
President George W. Bush on Friday thanked Saudi King Abdullah and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak for participating in a recent conference on Iraq and discussed Israeli-Palestinian peace efforts, the White House said.
Bush spoke to King Abdullah about the effort to advance toward a Palestinian state and also peace between Israelis and Palestinians, White House spokesman Tony Snow said.
Bush also spoke with Mubarak about Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice's trip to the region next week, Snow said.
Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Jordan said this week that they will seek a new push on an Arab peace plan with Israel at an Arab League summit later this month in Riyadh.
The U.S. allies are seeking to push a Saudi initiative adopted at a 2002 Arab League summit in Beirut offering Israel normal ties with Arab countries in return for full withdrawal from land it occupied in the 1967 Middle East war.
The president made clear once again his commitment to a Palestinian state that can live side by side in peace with Israel, Snow said.
U.S. officials sat down with adversaries from Iran and Syria at a regional conference in Baghdad earlier this month aimed at encouraging neighbors to help in stabilizing Iraq.
At least five people were killed Friday in a bomb attack on Colombia's Pacific coast and another 10 were injured, the governor of the Valle del Cauca province said.
Angelino Garzon described the attack as a terrorist, criminal, savage, inhumane action and said the explosion caused serious damage to nearby buildings in the city of Buenaventura, Colombia's main port.
Authorities suspect that the Marxist rebel group Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) is behind the attack.
The port city with 160,000 people plays a large role in the illegal trafficking of drugs and weapons.
Government troops and Tiger rebels traded artillery attacks in northern Sri Lanka Saturday as the overnight toll rose to at least six soldiers and a rebel killed, officials said.
Security forces lost five soldiers and 23 were wounded in the district of Vavuniya, while another soldier was killed further north in the Jaffna peninsula, military officials said.
Security forces tried to advance towards Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) positions in the Vavuniya district, but were beaten back by heavy mortar fire from the guerrillas, the Tigers said.
Tiger spokesman Rasiah Ilanthiriyan said one of their fighters was killed and several others wounded in a three-hour confrontation on Friday.
He said the artillery exchanges were continuing on Saturday but there were no fresh casualties reported.
More than 4,000 people have been killed in a new wave of fighting since December 2005 despite a truce that has been in place, at least on paper, since February 2002.
A payment dispute that delayed construction of Iran's first nuclear reactor could be resolved next week, the Russian firm building the reactor said Friday.
There has been no result in the negotiations so far, but they have lasted so long that we hope they will end next week, Irina Yesipova, a spokeswoman for state-owned company Atomstroiexport, told AFP.
Russia last week accused Iran of withholding payments for the Bushehr reactor, estimated to be worth more than one billion dollars 750 million euros. 
Tehran has rejected the charge.
Negotiators have been working intensively in Tehran and Moscow to resolve the disagreement in order to complete the reactor, which was scheduled to open in September.
International pressure has grown on Iran to suspend its nuclear programme and on Thursday six major global powers agreed to impose fresh sanctions on the Islamic republic for failing to do so.
They accuse it of seeking to develop a nuclear weapon but Iran says it is only building up a civilian nuclear energy programme.
North Korea will not shut down its nuclear facilities until the United States releases all funds frozen in a Macau bank, the communist state's chief nuclear negotiator said Saturday.
If the United States does not remove all of its restriction on our funds at Banco Delta Asia (BDA), we cannot shut down our nuclear facilities at Yongbyon, Kim Kye-gwan told reporters on arrival in Beijing.
Kim's comments were North Korea's first reaction to the US Treasury's announcement on Wednesday that it had cleared the way for the release of about 25 million dollars of North Korean funds frozen in the Macau-based BDA.
In its ruling, the US Treasury barred US banks from dealing with BDA, an institution it said had laundered money for reclusive North Korea.
But the move allowed Macau authorities to decide what to do with the cash after the bank was left in receivership.
Asked if North Korea would stop some of the operations in Yongbyon if only part of the frozen funds were released, Kim said: (In that case) operations  won't stop at all, reported South Korea's Yonhap news agency.
Referring to any future visit to North Korea by the UN's International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) inspectors, Kim said: The entry by IAEA staff will come only after Yongbyon is shut down. 
Four police officers and two military aircrew were taken to hospital on Sunday after their helicopter crashed in a field in South Armagh, Northern Ireland, police said.
A group of local people threw stones, fireworks and snowballs at the ambulances that ferried the injured men away, as well as other emergency services attending the scene, a spokesman for the Police Service of Northern Ireland said. 
The Lynx helicopter came down on the outskirts of the town of Crossmaglen, which lies near the border with the Republic of Ireland, just before 6 p.m. (1800 GMT).
The police spokesman said there was no indication the cause of the crash was terrorist related, adding that an investigation would be conducted.
One of the injured police officers was being treated at hospital for a serious back injury, while the three others were discharged after treatment, the spokesman said.
The two soldiers  among a three-man flight crew operating the helicopter  were also being kept in hospital. 
A third soldier escaped the crash unhurt.
Egypt on Sunday slammed Amnesty International condemnation of President Hosni Mubarak's proposed constitutional changes, saying that non-Egyptians had no right to comment on the country's internal matters.
Foreign Minister Ahmed Abul Gheit said Amnesty's statement was an attempt to impose foreign oversight on the decision of the Egyptian people.
The human rights body called on Egypt's parliament on Saturday to reject the proposed changes which it described as the most serious undermining of the people's rights in 26 years.
It is not the right of non-Egyptians to comment or simply pass an opinion on a purely internal question, that is, on the constitution (of Egypt) and its national laws, said the minister in a statement received by AFP.
Egypt's parliament on Sunday began debating the changes with around 100 MPs, mainly Islamists, boycotting the session in protest at the attempt to change the constitution.
Nearly 100 Egyptian personalities have already denounced the proposals, accusing Mubarak of laying the groundwork for his son Gamal to succeed to the presidency.
In its criticism, Amnesty said the changes would give sweeping powers of arrest to the police, allow monitoring of private communications and enable Egypt's president to bypass ordinary courts for people suspected of terrorism.
If parliament adopts the changes, the amendments will be put to a referendum on April 4.
North Korean money frozen in a Macau bank will be released into a Chinese bank and turned over to Pyongyang for humanitarian use, a U.S. official said on Monday before nuclear disarmament talks resumed in Beijing.
U.S. Treasury official Daniel Glaser announced the bank moves before six-party talks aimed at ending North Korea's nuclear weapons programme resumed to push forward a Feb. 13 agreement.
The bank dispute had threatened to upset the talks which bring together North and South Korea, the United States, China, Japan and Russia.
As part of the February deal, Washington agreed to resolve within 30 days Pyongyang's complaints about the U.S. crackdown on North Korean funds in Macau's Banco Delta Asia bank, which the United States said were from illicit business.
The United States and North Korean government have reached an understanding on the disposition of DPRK-related funds frozen at Banco Delta Asia, a statement issued by U.S. officials said. 
The statement said that North Korea wanted the $25 million or so frozen in BDA moved into an account at the Bank of China in Beijing.
Glaser said that the money returned to North Korea would be used for benign purposes. 
We have assurances the funds are going to be transferred to a bank in Beijing to be used for humanitarian and educational purposes, Glaser said.
While the Palestinian Authority wants to become more self-sufficient, it will need aid for development for a long time, the incoming Palestinian finance minister said in an interview published on Monday.
Speaking to The Times, Salam Fayyad also said that the biggest challenge for him was cutting the PA's inflated payroll, but noted that there are constraints that meant he would not be able to reduce it quickly.
A key priority is to try to put the finances of the PA on a more sustainable path ... to reduce our need for external assistance, Fayyad was quoted as saying by the daily, just a day after the PA's coalition cabinet met for the first time.
He added, however: We are going to need financial assistance for development needs for a long time.
But as far as financial assistance for current xpenditure is concerned, it is our hope that it will be possible for us to come up with a financial policy consistent with the need to graduate from that kind of exeptional support over the medium term.
Fayyad is the leader of the Third Way bloc, part of the national unity government formed by Hamas and rival party Fatah.
The Hamas-led government has been boycotted by major countries the world over for failing to renounce violence, recognise Israel and accept past peace deals signed by previous Palestinian governments.
Australian Prime Minister John Howard said Monday he saw signs of hope in Iraq during a weekend visit but that it was too soon to gauge the success of a US troop surge, echoing Washington's view.
The Iraq operation has reached a critical stage and Australia has no intention of pulling its soldiers out of the US-led coalition, Howard told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
If the surge can be made to work and if the very cautious signs of hope and optimism can be converted into something stronger, then we could well still see a very good outcome, he said.
Any suggestion that we are going to turn our backs on the Americans, are going to turn our backs on the Iraqis at this very critical stage, would be wrong.
Howard's assessment came two months after President George W. Bush unveiled a last-ditch plan to send 21,500 more combat troops to Iraq to quell spiralling violence in Baghdad and Al-Anbar province, west of the capital.
The Australian prime minister met separately with US commander General David Petraeus and Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki during his brief visit on Saturday.
Petraeus expressed optimism about the security crackdown in Baghdad but said there was still a long way to go, Howard said.
General Petraeus has a different approach from his predecessors. 
It is an approach that does involve the population and getting them on side and engaging with them more.
Howard said he was also pleased by his meeting with Maliki.
I am encouraged the prime minister sees his role as that of a national leader and not just as a Shia leader. 
If those beginnings can grow, then we may see some real hope emerging.
It is too early to claim anything other than that there are small, cautiously-based signs of optimism.
Howard is under pressure from the opposition Labor Party to pull Australia's troops out of Iraqi operations, but he signalled that even with an election due by the end of the year he had no intention of withdrawing.
The main focus of the Australians is the training of Iraqi troops in the south of the country, where Howard said they were doing a good job.
I can't begin to understand why the opposition wants to pull out 540 troops who are doing an outstanding job of delivering the very thing we all want that is, a capacity of the Iraqi security forces to fend for themselves.
I want the Australian people to understand that the government remains very committed to its policy.
Sri Lankan troops and Tamil Tiger rebels have fought fierce land battles after government forces said they sunk two ships carrying weapons for the guerrillas, officials said Monday.
An intense battle broke out in the eastern district of Batticaloa Sunday leaving at least two soldiers dead and 13 wounded, military officials said.
The rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) said they killed three soldiers and captured the bodies, which were to be returned to military authorities through the Red Cross.
A team of Sri Lankan army troopers tried to advance from Unnichai jungles towards LTTE positions (in Batticaloa), Tiger spokesman Rasiah Ilanthiriyan said in a statement. 
Following a confrontation, the army troopers retreated leaving behind three dead bodies and several weapons and military materials.
The defence ministry in a statement said troops had caused heavy damages to the Tigers.
In another confrontation in the same district, troops killed four Tiger rebels, a military official said.
The clashes came after the navy said it sank two cargo vessels believed to be smuggling weapons and explosives for Tigers. 
There was no immediate word from the Tamil Tigers about the ships.
The navy carried out a similar attack on February 28 and sank an identical craft off the island's southern coast, according to defence authorities here.
There have been stepped up clashes between suspected Tamil Tiger ships and the Sri Lankan navy in recent months amid heavy fighting in the island's northern and eastern regions.
More than 4,000 people have been killed in a new wave of fighting since December 2005 between government troops and rebels fighting for an independent homeland for the Tamil minority.
The fighting comes despite a truce that has been in place, at least on paper, since February 2002.
Taiwan sees a growing threat from China's diplomatic and military expansion, a point the island's newly named top U.S. diplomat will press when he reaches Washington, D.C., he said on Monday.
To resist China, Taiwan hopes to raise its profile in U.S. diplomatic circles, Joseph Wu told Reuters in his first formal interview since being named on Sunday as the new de facto Taiwan ambassador to the United States.
Wu also said he would not rule out meeting with senior U.S. officials or the Chinese ambassador. 
He pointed to China's recent military build-up as one of the biggest threats that Taiwan faces.
This is a danger to Taiwan, and the trend we see is that this danger is getting bigger and bigger. 
Also on the diplomacy front, China's foreign relations power is getting stronger and stronger, he said.
Only 18 percent of Iraqis have confidence in U.S.-led forces and about 86 percent are concerned about someone in their household being a victim of violence, according to a survey published by the BBC on Monday.
The poll of more than 2,000 people indicated Iraqis have become less optimistic about their future compared to a similar survey in 2005 when respondents were generally hopeful, the BBC said.
The Iraqi government inspired more confidence than U.S.-led forces, with opinion almost evenly split on whether people had confidence in the U.S.-backed administration headed by Shi'ite Islamist Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki.
Iraqis were also disappointed by reconstruction efforts in the four years since the U.S.-led invasion toppled Saddam Hussein, with 67 percent saying efforts had not been effective.
Most Israelis (56 percent) want their country to have at least partial contacts with the new Palestinian unity government of Prime Minister Ismail Haniya, a poll published Monday indicated. 
Some 39 per cent said Israel should talk to the unity government as a whole, while another 17 per cent said the Jewish state should at least talk to the Fatah members of the government while continuing to boycott its Hamas officials.
The poll, commissioned by the Yediot Ahronot daily, questioned 517 adult Israelis Sunday and had a margin of error of 4.3 per cent.
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert's cabinet decided Sunday to boycott the new government, sworn in Saturday, for its failure to recognize Israel's right to exist and renounce violence as a legitimate means to achieve Palestinian statehood.
The cabinet voted to have separate contacts only with moderate Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, whose Fatah party has joined the Islamic militant Hamas in the unity cabinet after a months-long power struggle.
Hong Kong authorities are struggling to replace 1,000-dollar notes issued by banking giant HSBC in 2000 and 2002 after finding more than 700,000 dollars (900,000 US) in high-quality fakes.
More than 700 1,000-dollar notes purportedly issued by HSBC were found in the banking system last week, and 12 people from Hong Kong, China and Vietnam have been arrested in connection with the case.
Joseph Yam, the head of Hong Kong Monetary Authority, called on people to return all notes of that denomination issued by HSBC for those two years.
It was not clear exactly how many of them have circulated in the city, but Yam said he believed the number was limited.
The discovery has caused panic in the southern Chinese territory, and many shops are now rejecting such notes.
Police chief Tang King-shing said the bogus notes originated from outside Hong Kong and that police were working with law enforcement agencies overseas to smash the syndicate.
New Zealand police arrested two skinheads on Monday and charged them with a white supremacist attack on four Asian students in the South Island city of Nelson.
Reports said a 15-year-old boy had been taken to hospital with a suspected broken jaw after being kicked in the face during the unprovoked attack on Saturday.
Police said the Nelson College students were sitting outside a shop when a car stopped and they were attacked by the skinheads who hurled racist taunts at them.
The Nelson Evening Mail reported that the victims managed to run away but noted the car's registration plate.
Police later arrested two men aged 28 and 20, charging them with assault. 
Always call an emergency service instead of hunting down the phone number of a victim's general practitioner if you suspect a stroke.
Stroke victims need treatment as soon as possible, preferably in a clinic with a stroke unit, Uwe Meier, chairman of the Grevenbroich-based Professional Association of German Neurologists told Deutsche Presse-Agentur dpa in an interview.
The time wasted just keeps the patient from getting the proper care.
The sooner treatment starts, the better it is for the patient, said Meier. 
Doctors often say time is brain. 
In other words, the more time that passes before treatment, the greater the risk of irreparable brain damage.
A stroke is an acute blockage of blood flow, usually caused by a blood clot. 
The blockage prevents oxygen from reaching parts of the brain, which can disrupt bodily functions. 
Unless the clot is broken up quickly with medicine, parts of the brain can suffer cellular death.
Meier says strokes are the third most common cause of death in Germany and the main cause of serious handicaps. 
Contrary to popular belief, not only the elderly are at risk of strokes.
A stroke can come at any age, says Meier. 
It can affect an 80-year-old as easily as an infant.
The causes of a stroke varies by age group. 
Older people's blood vessels are more likely to be constricted by problems like arteriosclerosis. 
Younger people are more likely to fall victim to clots blocking their blood vessels, diseases that cause blood vessels to tear or vascular infections. 
Heart failure is also a common cause because it can create clots in the heart that might be pumped to the brain. 
Smoking, high blood pressure, obesity and a sedentary lifestyle are all risk factors increasing the odds of stroke.
Meier says the biggest problem for patients is recognizing a stroke in time. 
Strokes  do not usually involve pain. 
If someone suffers an acute chest pain associated with a heart attack, they call the ambulance immediately. 
Deafness, dizziness, vision problems and unconscious spells also indicate a stroke and it's hard to gauge the danger. 
Meier says a small precursor stroke can quickly be followed by a major stroke, which makes it all the more important to call an ambulance immediately.
After four years of intensive collaboration, 18 top mathematicians and computer scientists from the United States and Europe have successfully mapped E8, one of the largest and most complicated structures in mathematics, scientists said late Sunday.
Jeffrey Adams, project leader and mathematics professor at the University of Maryland said E8 was discovered over a century ago, in 1887, and until now, no one thought the structure could ever be understood.
This groundbreaking achievement is significant both as an advance in basic knowledge, as well as a major advance in the use of large scale computing to solve complicated mathematical problems, Adams said. 
He added that the mapping of E8 may well have unforeseen implications in mathematics and physics which won't be evident for years to come.
E8 belongs to so-called Lie groups that were invented by a 19th century Norwegian mathematician, Sophus Lie, to study symmetry. 
The theory holds that underlying any symmetrical object, such as a sphere, is a Lie group. 
Balls, cylinders or cones are familiar examples of symmetric three-dimensional objects.
However, mathematicians study symmetries in higher dimensions. In fact, E8  itself is 248-dimensional.
The scientists said the magnitude of the E8 calculation invited comparison with the Human Genome Project. 
While the human genome, which contains all the genetic information of a cell, is less than a gigabyte in size, the result of the E8 calculation, which contains all the information about E8, is 60 gigabytes in size, they said. 
This is enough to store 45 days of continuous music in MP3-format. 
If written out on paper, the answer would cover an area the size of Manhattan.
A U.S. embassy convoy was hit by a Taliban suicide car bomber in Kabul on Monday, killing an Afghan teenager by the road and wounding officials in the motorcade, police and an embassy spokesman said.
A 14-year-old boy was killed in the attack, which took place on a main road leading east out of the Afghan capital which is often used by NATO and U.S.-led coalition troops, police said.
Several embassy officials and pedestrians were wounded, U.S. embassy spokesman Joe Mellott said, adding that the injuries of some officials were serious.
U.S. Ambassador Ronald Neumann was not in the convoy. 
Western troops had sealed off the site of the attack, one police officer told Reuters from the scene, and a helicopter hovered above.
A Reuters photographer saw, from a distance, smoke rising from a car at the scene.
Mullah Dadullah, a senior Taliban commander, claimed responsibility for the attack and said several U.S. soldiers had been killed in the blast.
The rebels planned more attacks, he told Reuters by satellite phone from a secret location.
The attack comes amid an increase in Taliban raids, including suicide attacks, in recent weeks as fighting picks up after a relative winter lull.
NATO launched an offensive in southern Afghanistan this month to try to pre-empt a spring offensive by the rebels.
The United States has approved a visa for Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to enable him to address the U.N. Security Council over Tehran's nuclear program, the State Department said on Monday
We received the applications and have processed them, said State Department spokesman Sean McCormack. 
Asked if that meant the visa had been approved, he said, Yes.
The United States is at loggerheads with Iran over its nuclear program and Ahmadinejad wants to address the Security Council in New York before it votes on a resolution imposing new arms and financial sanctions against Tehran.
A draft resolution introduced to the council last week would ban all Iranian arms exports, but not imports, and freeze financial assets abroad of 28 individuals, groups and companies.
The measure also requires Iran to halt uranium enrichment and the processing of nuclear fuel within 60 days after passage or face the possibility of additional sanctions.
Tehran argues that its nuclear plans are for peaceful power generation purposes while the United States and others say the main object of the program is to build a nuclear bomb.
McCormack said he hoped the Iranian president would use his time at the United Nations to seek dialogue rather than confrontation with the West.
He urged Ahmadinejad to accept an offer by the permanent five members of the U.N. Security Council, as well as Germany, to give up uranium enrichment and start negotiations with them over its nuclear program.
This could be an important moment to accept that offer, said McCormack.
Twelve candidates are to run in next month's French presidential election after gathering the 500 endorsements needed to qualify, France's Constitutional Court announced Monday.
The 12 include right-wing favourite Nicolas Sarkozy, Socialist Segolene Royal and centrist Francois Bayrou, as well as anti-globalisation crusader Jose Bove, who was uncertain of qualifying for the April 22 first round.
Far-right leader Jean-Marie Le Pen, who had accused political rivals of pressuring mayors to withhold their sponsorships, also qualified for the race, according to the council's president Jean-Louis Debre.
On the left the other candidates are postman Olivier Besancenot of the Revolutionary Communist League, Workers' Struggle candidate Arlette Laguiller, Communist Party Marie-George Buffet, small-town mayor Gerard Schivardi and the Green Party candidate Dominique Voynet.
On the right, the fourth challenger is the nationalist Philippe de Villiers of the Movement for France, while Frederic Nihous of the Hunting, Fishing, Nature and Traditions party is standing on a single-issue ticket.
The overall number is lower than in 2002, when 16 candidates contested the first round, seen as one of the reasons for Le Pen's shock presence in the second round run-off. The line-up also includes four women, the highest share in any French presidential election.
Under rules designed to weed out frivolous candidacies, would-be contenders had until Friday to submit 500 endorsements from mayors and other elected officials to the Constitutional Council, the body that supervises the election.
The council worked through the weekend to establish the validity of the sponsorships.
Bove, who became a household name after he attacked a McDonald's outlet in southern France in 1999 to protest la malbouffe or bad food, had scraped in with 504 sponsorship forms but was unsure whether all would be considered valid.
Italian journalist Daniele Mastrogiacomo was freed Monday in exchange for five Taliban prisoners, an Afghan news agency reported citing an audiotape message from a rebel commander.
Pajhwok Afghan News said it had been sent a recorded message from Taliban commander Mullah Dadullah confirming the release and naming the five prisoners he was exchanged for.
Two were head of the Taliban cultural wing, Ustad Yasar and ex-spokesman Latifullah Hakimi, both arrested in 2005.
The others were Mansoor Ahmad, a brother of Dadullah, and two commanders named Hamdullah and Abdul Ghaffar. There were no details on these men.
Dadullah said he had demanded the release of another Taliban spokesman, Mohammad Hanif, captured in October last year, but Mansoor Ahmad was handed over instead.
Dadullah said in the tape that he was still holding Mastrogiacomo's Afghan interpreter.
AFP could not independently confirm the terms of the release.
However, presidential spokesman Karim Rahimi told AFP that President Hamid Karzai had ordered the security organisations to make all possible efforts to gain his release.
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe's embattled government on Monday summoned and threatened to expel Western ambassadors it accuses of backing an opposition drive to oust Mugabe from power.
Foreign Affairs Minister Simbarashe Mumbengegwi told Zimbabwe state television ZTV that he had warned envoys accredited to Harare that Mugabe's government would not hesitate to boot out those who support opposition politics.
I summoned the ambassadors, and I told them that Zimbabwe will not allow any interferance in its internal affairs and that those who are going to continue funding and supporting this programme to (remove the government from power) will be expelled, he said during a ZTV news bulletin in the local Shona language.
Iraq on Tuesday marked the fourth anniversary of the US-led invasion with signs of growing bitterness against American troops and a new act of recrimination against Saddam Hussein's regime.
In the four years since the launch of the shock and awe military campaign just before dawn on March 20, 2003, Iraq has descended into a sectarian hell that has left tens of thousands of civilians dead.
At 5:35 am on that day, Tomahawk missiles and precision-guided bombs rained down on Baghdad targets as Saddam vowed that this would be Iraq's last battle against the tyrannous villains.
On April 9, the Iraqi strongman's statue in a central square was torn down with a rope around the neck, in a premonition of his own hanging last December 30, after his convictionn for crimes against humanity.
His vice president, Taha Yassin Ramadan, was to follow him to the gallows on on Tuesday's anniversary, a lawyer from Saddam's defence team said.
US President George W. Bush, facing growing anti-war protests, pleaded for patience on Monday with his unpopular Iraq strategy and Washington's revamped efforts to restore order.
The Baghdad security plan is still in its early stages and success will take months, not days or weeks, the embattled president said.
It could be tempting to look at the challenges in Iraq and conclude our best option is to pack up and go home. 
That may be satisfying in the short run, but I believe the consequences for American security would be devastating.
Despite Bush's warnings, a new poll showed US public opinion on Iraq had soured further, with just 32 percent of Americans saying they favoured the war, compared to 72 percent on the eve of conflict four years ago.
And despite recent claims by the Bush administration that the month-old US troop surge in Baghdad was beginning to work, another poll by Western media organisations told a story of Iraqi pessimism.
Only 18 percent of Iraqis had confidence in US and coalition troops, while 78 percent opposed their presence, 69 percent said their presence made security worse and 51 percent said attacks on coalition forces were justified.
Protests have been staged across the United States and in several European cities and Japan, against the war that was originally based on a premise of eliminating weapons of mass destruction that were never found.
Commanders are now pouring 25,000 reinforcements into Baghdad to quell Sunni-Shiite fighting, the bloodiest element of the conflict and one which even the Pentagon admits amounts to civil war.
In western and northern Iraq, Al-Qaeda militants pursue their brutal insurgency against the US-backed government, while in the south and centre Shiite militias jostle for supremacy and control of oil resources.
The launch of the joint US-Iraqi security plan in Baghdad has driven some sectarian death squads from the streets, but car bombs still explode every day, scattering bodies and bloodied debris through crowded markets.
There has been a steady decline in the Iraq situation since the invasion. 
Things have gone from bad to worse, said Joost Hiltermann, Middle East project director for the International Crisis Group, a respected think tank.
The raw figures do not tell the whole story of a complex crisis, but they make grim reading.
Since the conflict began, two million Iraqis have fled the country and 1.8 million have been displaced within its borders, according to figures compiled by the UN High Commissioner for Refugees.
Estimates of Iraqi civilian casualties in the past four years vary wildly, but the Iraq Body Count website's figure of 58,800 is among the more conservative. 
The Baghdad government said 1,440 people were killed in January alone.
At least 3,203 American, 132 British and 124 other coalition soldiers have also died since the invasion.
The government of Guinea-Bissau lost a vote of confidence on Monday and now has three days to hand over power to a coalition government.
Lawmakers voted 54 to 28 against Prime Minister Aristide Gomes' administration, with eight deputies abstaining and ten others absent.
The vote followed a decision by the three biggest political parties, who between them hold 97 of the 100 seats in the national assembly, to push for a new government of consensus in the interests of parliamentary stability.
Under the terms of the Guinea-Bissau constitution, President Joao Bernardo Vieira must now dissolve the government within 72 hours.
The government does not have legitimacy starting today, said Joao Sediba Sani, the parliamentary leader of the African Party for the Independence of Guinea-Bissau and Cape Verde (PAIGC), following the vote.
However, the secretary to the national assembly, Armando Procel, complained of irregularities during the vote motion and vowed the government would appeal the decision in the Supreme Court.   
Gomes was appointed prime minister in November 2005 over the objections of the PAIGC. 
He replaced Carlos Gomes Junior, who was sacked following a series of disputes with President Vieira.
Vieira was overthrown from power in 1999 after 19 years of iron-fisted rule, but controversially returned from exile in Portugal to run for the presidency as an independent in 2005.
However, since then he has had problems getting support in parliament, in a power struggle that has weakened the impoverished west African country.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates pledged Monday to open Internet community centers in Colombia where demobilized rebel and paramilitary fighters can take correspondence courses.
Gates, speaking to reporters in the Caribbean coast city of Cartagena after meeting with President Alvaro Uribe, said Microsoft would help the violence-torn country's peace efforts through training that aims to re-integrate former fighters into civil society.
Asked how Microsoft would contribute, Gates said: Some of these community centers are being put in those areas (where demobilized fighters live).
Gates, however, said he would be unable to visit the areas.
(The Colombian government) wanted me to go to those locations. 
Unfortunately my schedule didn't offer the opportunity to go to any of these locations, he said.
Gates met earlier with Uribe and cabinet members in the Guests' House of the colonial city's Manzanillo Fort.
At the meeting, Gates agreed with the Education Ministry to provide 15,000 new Windows operating systems for schools, universities and libraries.
Colombia has fought leftist guerrillas since the 1960s, while right-wing paramilitaries formed in the 1980s to fight against the rebels.
The paramilitary group United Self Defense Forces of Colombia (AUC) officially demobilized the last of its 30,000 fighters last year as part of an agreement with Bogota in which its leaders will serve prison terms of no more than eight years.
While the government has started talks with the 4,500-strong National Liberation Army (ELN) aimed at starting peace negotiations, Bogota remains at loggerheads with the 14,000-strong Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC).
For US troops from 9th Cavalry Regiment bumping around the dangerous streets of Baghdad in Humvees after dark on Monday, news that their deployment in Iraq could be extended fell like a hammer blow.
Their commanders had cautioned that their second one-year tour due to end in October could be prolonged while US President George W. Bush later warned troops it was too soon to pack up and go home.
The expletives during the four-hour night patrol turned the air in the Humvee, already thick with cigarette smoke, a dark shade of blue.
We just want to get out of here as soon as possible, said one vehicle commander in one of his few printable comments.
It's because the Iraqi army is so scared that we have to come here to die. 
He added, asking not to be named.
Ninety-five percent of Iraqis are good but five percent are bad. 
But the 95 percent are too weak to stand up to the five percent.
Bush should send all the Death Row prisoners here and they can be killed fighting the terrorists. 
We've had enough, said another soldier, as the Humvee accelerated past a roadside car in case it exploded.
Added yet another, Bush can come fight here. 
He can take my 1,000 dollars a month and I'll go home.
Commander of the night operation, Lieutenant Brian Long, said the anger was understandable.
One of the men has five children, another has three. 
Another has a boy aged four  he's missed two of those years. 
He'll never get them back, said Long.
It is like the movie 'Groundhog Day'. 
Each day is the same and nothing ever changes, he added.
Referring to the 1993 movie in which the principal character is doomed to repeat the same day endlessly.
Everyone just wants to get home to their families, said the officer.
Bush, after speaking to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and the top US military commander in Iraq, said in Washington that his new plan to pacify  war-wracked Iraq would take months.
It could be tempting to look at the challenges in Iraq and conclude our best option is to pack up and go home, Bush said, four years to the day after he announced that American troops were fighting to depose Saddam Hussein.
That may be satisfying in the short run, but I believe the consequences for American security would be devastating, Bush said.
Platoon commander of the 9th Cavalry Regiment, Captain Christopher Dawson, said he understood the need for troops to stay in Iraq.
We are starting to make a difference, he said. 
The violence is dropping. 
We are training Iraqis to take over responsibility for their own security. 
We are helping them see their future ahead of them. 
It is in their hands.
But the lower ranks were in rebellious mood, especially after publication of a poll on Monday, commissioned by the BBC, ABC News, ARD German TV and USA Today, which showed only 18 percent of those questioned had confidence in US and coalition troops, while 78 percent opposed their presence.
If no one wants us here we are quite ready to get out tomorrow, said the outspoken vehicle commander.
One of the few Iraqis the troops met during their night patrol  most stay indoors once the 8pm curfew kicks in  said he feared the day the US forces pulled out.
They can stay for 100 years if they want, said Salam Ahmed, a security guard at a shoe warehouse on the outskirts of the city. 
If they go, the bad guys will certainly come for me.
Police arrested more than 100 Iraq war protesters in San Francisco and New York City on Monday as the nation marked the fourth anniversary of the U.S. invasion of Iraq.
Uniformed police outnumbered the fewer than 100 protesters outside the stock exchange building at the corner of Broad and Wall streets in New York's historic financial district.
Stop the money, stop the war, demonstrators chanted as police hauled away limp-bodied protesters.
A police spokesman said 44 were arrested.
Demonstrators said they were directing their protest at major defense contractors Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Northrop Grumman, Halliburton, General Electric and others. 
The protest had no impact on the stock exchange's trading.
U.S. service members and Iraqi civilians are dying so that an elite few can profit, said Fabian Bouthillette (26), a high school teacher who served for two years in the U.S. Navy.
In San Francisco, dozens of demonstrators, many of them old enough to have once protested the Vietnam War in the 1960s and early 1970s, conducted a Die In by lying on the sidewalk and pretending to be dead. 
Some wore fake blood to recall the more than 3,200 U.S. military personnel killed in the Iraq War.
Many later moved to obstruct Market Street, running through the city's central business district.
As soon as they went out there we started making arrests, police spokesman Neville Gittens said. 
They were warned.
Another spokesman said police arrested 57 people in two separate San Francisco locations.
Polls show most Americans now oppose the war in Iraq, yet without a military draft like that which helped focus public opposition to the Vietnam War, public protests have been far smaller than they were in that era.
Thousands have, however, rallied against the war in recent days nationwide, including in the Washington D.C. area, San Francisco and Los Angeles.
A panel of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party on Tuesday approved the planned dispatch of Self-Defense Forces personnel to Nepal to participate in a U.N. military observer mission, under the law to cooperate with the United Nations peacekeeping operations, party members said.
The plan to be submitted for approval to the LDP's policy commission and general council, will be formally adopted by the government at a Cabinet meeting March 27. 
Making way for the first SDF deployment overseas since the Defense Agency was upgraded to the Defense Ministry in January, according to government sources.
Under the plan, six unarmed Ground Self-Defense Force members will be sent to Nepal from April 1 and stay there until March 31 next year to take part in the activities of the U.N. Political Mission in Nepal (UNMIN).
UNMIN was established Jan. 23 by the U.N. Security Council after the Nepalese government and the Maoist rebels of the Communist Party of Nepal declared an end to their conflict by signing the Comprehensive Peace Agreement last November.
One of every 250 childbirths involves a threat to the mother's life in Japan, according to a health ministry research team's study released Tuesday.
The group studied some 125,000 childbirths in 2004, or 11 percent of the overall deliveries nationwide in the year, at 333 institutions.
Of them, 32 mothers died of massive bleeding or other causes. 
The researchers said they found some 2,300 mothers faced life-threatening situations during delivery a figure 70 times higher than the number of actual deaths.
Based on the data, the group at the Ministry of Health, Labor and welfare projected some 4,500 mothers faced life-threatening situations, or one of every 250 deliveries, in 2005, when 62 mothers died delivering children.
While the deaths of mothers remained at 4 to 7 per 100,000 deliveries between 2000 and 2005 in Japan, a group member noted the actual risk from pregnancy and delivery is higher than projected.
North Korea accused Tokyo of trying to scuttle nuclear disarmament talks and said it does not want energy aid from Japan as a part of a deal to end Pyongyang's nuclear weapons programme, its media reported on Tuesday.
Japan has said it will not give full-scale economic aid to North Korea or establish diplomatic ties unless a feud over Japanese citizens kidnapped by Pyongyang in the 1970s and 1980s to train its spies has been resolved.
The DPRK (North Korea) does not care about whether Japan gives energy assistance to it or not because it would not affect much the DPRK's economic development, the North's official KCNA news agency said.
North Korea repeated its claim that the abduction issue had been solved and called on Japan to pay compensation and apologise for its brutal 1910-1945 rule over the Korean peninsula and forcing Korean women to be sex slaves for Japan's troops.
The DPRK strongly demands Japan stop talking about the 'abduction issue' but redeem the crimes committed by it in the past which are more horrendous than the issue and sincerely implement the agreement reached at the six-party talks, it said.
It said the breakdown of the bilateral talks last month was due to: The right-wing forces of Japan who do not want the denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula and the normalisation of the bilateral relations.
About two weeks ago, Japan and North Korea cut short talks on formally setting up diplomatic ties after wrangling over historical differences.
Impoverished North Korea, which depends heavily on handouts from China and South Korea to feed its people and power its anaemic economy, has wanted Japan ousted from six-way nuclear talks among the two Koreas, China, Japan, Russia and the United States.
North Korea admitted in 2002 that its agents had abducted 13 Japanese. 
Five were repatriated. 
Japan has demanded the return of any survivors, but Pyongyang said the other eight are dead.
The latest round of the nuclear talks opened on Monday in Beijing. 
At the last round in February, North Korea agreed to begin shutting down its main reactor and source of weapons-grade plutonium for energy aid.
A car bomb exploded in an automobile spare parts market in Baghdad on Tuesday, killing one person and wounding six, a medic said.
As Iraq marked the fourth anniversary of the US-led invasion.
The explosion occurred at 7:20 am  in Mujamma al-Misham market in south Baghdad, well known for selling tyres, batteries and other spare parts.
Insurgents have managed to carry out car bombings in Baghdad despite a massive security crackdown in the capital since February.
About 90,000 US and Iraqi troops are patrolling the streets of Baghdad to curb insurgent and sectarian violence.
Three suspected Islamic militants and an Indian army officer were killed Tuesday during a gunbattle in the north of Indian-administered Kashmir, police said.
The fighting erupted late Monday when counter-insurgency police and army troops raided a hide-out in Kupwara district, a police spokesman said.
He said in the initial burst of firing by the militants an army captain and a soldier were hurt.
The injured captain later died in a hospital, the spokesman said, adding three rebels were killed in the ensuing gunbattle.
Violence has dipped in Kashmir since India and Pakistan which hold the region in parts but claim it in full started a peace process in January 2004.
The daily death toll has dropped from 10 in 2001 to three in 2006.
The unrest has claimed nearly 44,000 lives since militants launched their insurgency against Indian rule in 1989.
A Swiss man was sentenced to 10 years in jail Thursday after pleading guilty to publicly defacing portraits of Thailand's revered king in December.
The court ordered a 20-year sentence for Oliver Rudolf Jufer, 57, but reduced it by half because he cooperated and pleaded of guilty to five counts of lese majeste in a closed-door hearing.
Jufer was arrested in Chiang Mai, 560 kilometres north of Bangkok, on December 5 after closed-circuit cameras recorded him drunkenly spray-painting portraits of King Bhumibol Adulyadej on the monarch's 79th birthday.
The king, who celebrated his 60th year on the throne last year, is highly revered by Thai people on his own merits, but is also protected against criticism and insults under the country's lese majeste law.
The law makes it a crime to insult or belittle the monarchy, including the king and the entire royal family.
Judge Phissanu Tanbuaklee said Jufer would have been jailed for 20 years if he had not pleaded guilty. 
He also noted that Jufer had lived in Chiang Mai for a decade and was well aware of the law and the people's respect for the king.
Thais are especially sensitive about King Bhumibol's place in the constitutional monarchy because the country is going through a period of acute political turbulence.
The former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra, who was ousted by a military coup in September, is accused by his opponents of attempting to encroach on the king's prerogatives.
Lese majeste carries a maximum sentence of 15 years, but Jufer faced five charges and could have been sentenced to up to 75 years in jail. 
The judge gave him four years on each count, and then reduced the total by half.
At least 15 Iraqis were killed and over 20 wounded Thursday in a series of blasts across the Iraqi capital Baghdad, sources said.
In southern Baghdad, at least two Iraqis were killed and 10 others wounded Thursday in a car bomb blast in Bayaa district, the Voices of Iraq news agency reported, citing an Iraqi police source.
In other news, at least three Iraqis were killed and 10 injured Thursday when a car bomb exploded near a gas station in the Amel district of south-western Baghdad, Voices of Iraq reported.
Also Thursday, at least 10 Iraqis were killed and an unconfirmed number wounded in a car bomb blast near a mosque in Mahmudiya, some 30 kilometres from the capital, witnesses said.
In Mosul, a senior leader of the al-Qaeda terrorist network in Iraq was captured by Iraqi army forces in Mosul, Voices of Iraq reported Thursday citing a well-informed source in Ninewa province.
Abdul Karim al-Baz, known under the alias Abu al-Hareth, was arrested in a house in Nahrawan neighbourhood, south west of Mosul, 400 kilometres north of Baghdad, the source added.
Meanwhile, US-led coalition forces killed four terrorist suspects and detained 15 others during operations Thursday, the US military reported.
During an operation in Baghdad, coalition forces arrested nine suspected terrorists allegedly involved with the al-Qaeda network.
Suspects were also arrested near Haditha, 220 kilometres north-west of Baghdad, and Fallujah, 50 kilometres west of the Iraqi capital.
The Iranian consulate in Iraq's southern city of Basra accused British forces of storming and surrounding its office during a shootout with gunmen on Thursday.
The British military flatly denied any such incident, saying its soldiers had come under small arms fire during a routine patrol in the vicinity of the Iranian consulate but did not leave their vehicles.
The incident came amid a diplomatic standoff between Tehran and London over Iran's seizure of 15 British sailors and marines in Gulf waters last Friday.
British forces sealed off the Iranian consulate in Basra. 
They went inside for 10 minutes and after that there was intense gunfire on them, Iranian consul Mohammed Reva Nasir told AFP in Basra.
This is a provocative act against the Iranian consulate in Basra. 
I believe it has something to do with the British detainees in Iran, he said.
Asked whether British troops raided the consulate, spokesman Major David Gell told AFP: No. Absolutely not.
There was a vehicle patrol going back into Basra Palace (a British base in Basra). 
The rear vehicle received small arms fire. 
We returned fire in self defence and the patrol continued on, Gell said.
I'm led to believe (the incident happened) in the same street as the Iranian consulate, he added.
There is absolutely no link to the building. 
It's pure coincidence that it took place in that area, Gell said.
No troops were injured and none of them got out of the vehicle.
The Iranian foreign ministry protested what it called the British forces' provocative act, according to a statement obtained by AFP.
The Iranian consulate operates with the consent of Iraqi authorities and its personnel enjoy diplomatic immunity.
Iran has protested to the Iraqi authorities, who are responsible for the safety of consular personnel under international law, the ministry said.
African leaders named South Africa's President Thabo Mbeki on Thursday to facilitate dialogue between Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe and his political opponents to resolve the country's deepening crisis.
A special summit of the Southern African Development Community (SADC) also called on the West to drop sanctions against Mugabe's government and appealed to Britain to honour its commitments to fund land reforms in its former colony.
The extraordinary summit mandated his excellency President Thabo Mbeki to continue to facilitate dialogue between opposition and government and report back on progress, a statement at the end of the two-day summit said.
Tanzanian President Jakaya Kikwete, who hosted the summit amid growing Western calls for a tough line on Mugabe's most recent political crackdown, said the regional grouping appealed to all sides in the dispute to step back from the brink.
Of course the appeal to parties is to be cooperative and give this initiative a chance, also for the parties to exercise restraint and avoid anything that's going to inflame the situation, he told reporters at a news conference.
The summit, attended by both Mugabe and Mbeki, satisfied longterm demands of Zimbabwe's government by calling on all sanctions against the country to be lifted.
The United States and the European Union have imposed targeted sanctions on Mugabe and his circle following a series of elections that the opposition says were rigged.
The southern African leaders also echoed Mugabe's frequent demand that London be held to vague commitments it made to assist with financing land reforms in Zimbabwe after it achieved independence in 1980.
The extraordinary summit reiterated its appeal to Britain to honour its compensation obligations with regard to land reforms, the summit statement said.
Mugabe has repeatedly accused Britain of reneging on its promises and, in 2000, launched his own drive to forcibly seize white-owned farms to give to landless blacks launching the country on an economic and political downward spiral.
Ivory Coast's President Laurent Gbagbo on Thursday appointed rebel leader Guillaume Soro as prime minister, a presidential spokesman said.
Gbagbo and Soro, leader of the New Forces rebels who seized control of the north of Ivory Coast after a brief 2002-2003 civil war, signed a peace deal three weeks ago to reunite the West African country.
The home-grown deal, which came after a series of foreign brokered deals had foundered in the world's largest cocoa producer, envisaged a transitional government by April 8 and elections within 10 months.
The president decrees the appointment of Guillaume Soro as prime minister and head of government, said presidential spokesman Desire Tagro.
Gbagbo was meeting with Soro on Thursday at the presidential palace and the two were due to hold a news conference afterwards.
The latest peace accord has already led to the creation of a joint army command to focus on demobilising militia fighters. 
It foresees the dismantling of a U.N.-manned buffer zone between the two warring factions.
The U.N. Security Council on Wednesday welcomed the latest agreement and said it would back the peace process.
Two NATO-led soldiers died in a traffic accident in Afghanistan on Wednesday, and a rocket also hit the biggest US military base in the country, officials said on Thursday.
The soldiers died from injuries sustained during a road traffic accident, International Security Assistance Force said in a statement.
There was no hostile fire involved in the incident, the statement said.
In another incident, a rocket hit in Bagram airport the biggest US military base north of Kabul city on Wednesday, causing no casualties or damage, the US military said in a statement. 
It said the rocket hit an unoccupied area near the runway.
The Wednesday attack came a month after a suicide bombing that took place during the visit of US Vice President Dick Cheney in Feb 27. 
That attack left at least 18 people killed and several others were wounded.
Sri Lankan war planes bombed suspected Tamil Tiger positions Friday after the rebels blew up five soldiers and allegedly killed eight civilians in shelling, officials said.
Supersonic jets bombed rebel-held territory after the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) set off a road side bomb and ambushed a military vehicle, killing five soldiers and wounding another, the military said.
We have hit three LTTE targets today, a spokesman for the Sri Lankan airforce said. 
He said there were no details on casualties.
The military also reported eight civilians were killed in shelling in the east of the island, where the two sides have been locked in long-range attacks.
The defence ministry said the civilians were killed as a result of firing by Tamil Tiger rebels into populated areas of Batticaloa district. 
There was no immediate comment from the Tigers.
There has been heavy fighting between the two sides in the coastal Batticaloa region, where the military captured a Tiger base on Wednesday.
The Tiger rebels are leading a drawn out campaign for independence. 
More than 4,000 people have been killed in the latest wave of fighting since December 2005 despite a truce arranged by peace broker Norway in 2002.
Taliban militants Friday freed the principal of a high school who was kidnapped four days ago for stopping the rebels recruiting his students, his family said.
Farid Mehsud, principal of the Oxford Public School in Tank, which borders the restive South Waziristan tribal region, and his brother Humayun were abducted by about a dozen gunmen from his house on Tuesday.
The previous day a militant leader and a policeman were killed in a clash outside the school after police called by Mehsud prevented the Taliban entering to recruit young men to fight in Afghanistan.
I have received a telephone call from a tribal jirga (council of elders) that both of them have been released, their brother Khurshid told reporters in Tank.
The release was negotiated by an eight-member council led by a local cleric, he said.
A council member told him that Farid and Humayun had been handed over to the jirga and they would reach Tank late Friday, Khurshid said but gave no further details.
Tank, which adjoins the troubled tribal region of South Waziristan, remained under curfew for a third day Friday due to a round of violence sparked by the incident at the school.
Officials reported no further clashes there Friday.
Analysts said the incident at the school was further proof of the increasing Talibanisation of parts of Pakistan.
The Iranian government has asked Britain to guarantee that violations of its territorial waters in the Gulf are not repeated, a note sent to the British embassy in Tehran said.
The text of the communication, believed to be the first contact between Iran and Britain's embassy in Tehran in the present crisis, was published by the Iranian embassy in London Friday.
It repeats the Iranian position that two British patrol boats trespassed on Iran's territorial waters when the 15 sailors and royal marines were captured last Friday.
The government of the Islamic Republic of Iran protests strongly against this illegal act in violating Iranian territorial waters, said the note.
It underlined the responsibility of the British government for the consequences of such violation, and calls for the guarantee to avoid the recurrence of such acts.
Earlier, the Foreign Office in London said it would give serious consideration to the note.
Analysts in London pointed out that the Iranian communication did not include a request for a formal apology over the incident from the British government.
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe said Friday that he had acknowledged to his fellow African leaders that opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai had been assaulted, but said he deserved it.
Yes, I told them he was beaten but he asked for it, Mugabe told supporters the day after returning from a regional summit in Tanzania.
We got full backing, not even one criticised our actions, the veteran president continued.
There is no country in SADC (the Southern African Development Community) that can stand up and say Zimbabwe has faulted. 
SADC does not do that, it is not a court but an organisation of 14 countries that cooperates with each other and supports each other.
Tsvangirai's arrest and subsequent assault on March 11 while trying to attend an anti-government rally was widely condemned by the West but the SADC summit, which was meant to address the crisis in Zimbabwe, ended up with a statement of solidarity with the 83-year-old Mugabe's government.
Explosives detonated accidentally at a training camp used by Hamas's armed wing in the southern Gaza Strip on Friday, killing one person and wounding at least 10 others, local residents said.
A Hamas source in the area told Reuters that the blast was the result of a work accident in which an explosive device went off accidentally during training at a facility in the village of al-Qarara near the impoverished town of Khan Younis. 
The source identified the dead man as 21-year-old Kamel Musa, a Hamas militant.
An Israeli army spokeswoman confirmed that the Israeli military was not involved.
Unknown gunmen shot dead two people believed to be undocumented immigrants and wounded a third when the vehicle they were traveling in was shot upon in southern Arizona early on Friday, police said.
The gunmen killed a man and a woman traveling in a pickup truck some 30 miles (50 km) south of Tucson, Pima County Sheriff's Department said.
Spokeswoman Dawn Barkman said the dead were believed to be Mexican immigrants traveling with three family groups from the poor southern Mexican state of Chiapas.
Each year U.S. border police catch more than a million undocumented immigrants crossing north from Mexico, many of them through the desert corridor south of Tucson. 
There are an estimated 12 million illegal immigrants in the United States.
Last month gunmen shot dead three Guatemalan immigrants and wounded two others in an attack on a back road northwest of Tucson. 
Investigators in that incident said rival people-trafficking networks were likely responsible.
Police say increased security on the U.S.-Mexico border has made human trafficking a more profitable activity, resulting in increased violence among smugglers.
A smuggling ring that Arizona police say flew thousands of illegal immigrants across the United States from the Phoenix area was busted earlier this week with 16 people indicted, authorities said on Thursday.
Authorities said nearly $2 million in bookings were made by the ring.
The head of French oil company Total's operations in Guinea has been released after a 24-hour kidnap ordeal, the oil firm said on Friday.
The director of Total Guinea was freed safe and sound at 1930 (Paris time, 1730 GMT), a Total spokesman said.
He declined to name the official but Guinean Web site Guineenews named him as Benoit Gaborit. 
Total said it had not paid a ransom to secure his release.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is due to arrive at the Jordanian Red Sea port of Aqaba later Saturday on the first leg of a Middle East tour that also includes the Palestinian territories, Israel and Lebanon.
Merkel, who is accompanied by a powerful government delegation, is due to have talks with King Abdullah II on latest regional developments, foremost the outcome of the Arab summit conference that was concluded in Riyadh on Thursday, officials said.
The two leaders were expected to review efforts under way to ensure a resumption of peace negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians, including the Arab Peace Initiative which was re-adopted by Arab leaders at the Riyadh conference, they added.
Ahead of her Middle East tour, Merkel talked over telephone with King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia Friday to review with him latest regional developments.
Since its assumption of the European Union presidency at the beginning of 2007, Berlin has been involved in active diplomacy to push forward the stalled Middle East peace talks.
The Arab peace plan, which was originally proposed by the Saudi monarch when he was crown prince in 2002, envisages extending recognition to Israel by all Arab states after it quits the Arab lands it occupied in the 1967 war, including East Jerusalem.
Merkel's talks with King Abdullah were also expected to focus on bilateral ties between the two countries, particularly future German aid to Jordan.
According to a German embassy statement, Germany is Jordan's number one European trading partner, with bilateral trade amounting to around 749 million euros in 2006.
Germany is also one of Jordan's biggest international donors. 
German economic assistance to Jordan so far stood at about 1.2 billion euros, the embassy said.
Ethiopia said on Friday its military had killed 200 Islamic insurgents during a major offensive against rebels in the Somali capital Mogadishu.
Ethiopia has killed 200 armed remnants of the Islamic Courts Union and wounded many others, Ethiopia's Information Ministry said in a statement broadcast on national television.
Three car bombs killed eight people and wounded dozens as Iraq's relentless insurgency and sectarian violence continued on Saturday, security officials said.
Four people were killed and 16 more wounded when a car bomb exploded outside Al-Sadr hospital in Baghdad's Shiite enclave of Sadr City. 
A second car bomb killed two policemen and wounded 23, including many policemen, near a service station in the central Shiite city of Hilla, police said.
They were guarding the fuel station when the bomb exploded, also destroying 10 cars that were waiting for petrol.
In the town of Tuz Khurmatu, near the northern oil hub of Kirkuk, another two civilians were killed and 11 wounded when a car bomb exploded in a central square, local police chief Abbas Mohammed Amin said.
Insurgents have carried out massive attacks across Iraq this week, killing more than 400 people in the past four days alone.
South Korea and Japan started talks on Saturday focusing on North Korea's nuclear weapons programmes and a row over wartime sex slavery, South Korean officials said.
Foreign Minister Song Min-Soon and his Japanese counterpart Taro Aso met on the South Korean holiday island of Jeju in a follow-up to Song's visit to Tokyo last December.
Aso is expected to reaffirm his cooperation with Song to follow up on North Korea's commitment to dismantling its nuclear programmes, Japanese officials said, according to Japan's Kyodo news agency.
North Korea agreed in principle last month to disable its nuclear programmes under a deal which also foresees normalisation of relations with Japan and the United States. 
But progress on implementing the February 13 accord has been stalled over North Korea's frozen bank accounts.
A meeting this month on normalising Japan-North Korea relations broke down when Tokyo insisted on getting answers about the fate of kidnapped citizens.
North Korea has acknowledged kidnapping 13 Japanese in the 1970s and 1980s to train its spies. 
It returned five victims and their families and says the rest are dead. 
Japan says the other abductees are alive and that more Japanese were snatched than Pyongyang has admitted. 
It says until there are positive developments on abductions, it will not help fund aid promised under the February agreement reached during six-nation talks aimed at North Korea's nuclear disarmament.
Seoul in the past has criticised Tokyo's insistence on raising abductions during six-party talks which involve Russia, the United States and China, japan and the two Koreas.
Saturday's talks also follow a recent uproar in South Korea over Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's remarks that there was no evidence to prove the Japanese government forced Asian women into sexual slavery in World War Two.
Seoul has expressed deep regrets over Abe's remarks made earlier this month.
Minister Song is expected to raise the issue during his meeting with Aso, a South Korean foreign ministry official was quoted as saying on condition of anonymity by Yonhap news agency.
A dispute over a chain of islets called Dokdo in Korea and Takeshima in Japan is also expected to be raised. 
The two sides want to agree rules for marine surveys around the islands to avoid future clashes, a diplomat said in the lead up to the talks.
At least 22 Islamists were arrested in overnight raids as Bangladesh strengthened security nationwide on Saturday after authorities hanged six top Muslim militants, police said.
The 22 Islamists, all alleged activists of the group Hizbut Tahrir Bangladesh, were arrested as they watched anti-US footage of the Iraq war at a house in the capital Dhaka, city police chief Nayeem Ahmed said.
We have arrested them on suspected extremist links. 
We found videos showing the US war in Iraq, leaflets and other suspicious extremist materials. 
They also broke the government's emergency laws on political gatherings, he said.
Hizbut Tahrir, which aims to establish a global Islamic empire through peaceful political means, is banned in many countries but not in Muslim-majority Bangladesh. 
Police said they also carried out raids across the country, one day after six top Islamic militants, including the leader of the outlawed Jamayetul Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB), were executed in four different jails.
The militants were sentenced to death last year for an attack that killed two judges in November 2005. 
Authorities say the JMB was also behind 400  coordinated blasts that shook the country in August that year.
An additional 2,000 police were deployed in key spots in Dhaka to prevent any revenge JMB attacks, Ahmed said.
We don't want to leave anything to chance, he said.
Some JMB militants have been arrested in recent days so we think remnants of the group are still there.
Speaking to Deutschlandfunk, Melissa Fleming said it was incomprehensible that Tehran was not opening its uranium enrichment programme to inspection.
She noted that Iran had gained access to related materials illegally in the past and concealed nuclear experiments.
Fleming added that Iran had a basic right to operate nuclear facilities, provided that this was done in a transparent and legal way.
An Indian Air Force (IAF) helicopter crashed in the Siachen glacier in India-administered Kashmir on Wednesday and two of its pilots were missing, a news agency reported.
The indigenously-made Cheetah helicopter took off from the Siachen base camp, situated at an altitude of 4,999 metres, and crashed at about 7 am local time (1.30 am GMT), official sources told the PTI news agency.
The Indian Army and IAF have launched a search operation to find the missing pilots. 
The cause of the crash was not known as yet, the news agency reported.
India and Pakistan have been holding talks on resolving their border dispute over the Siachen glacier, also known as the world's highest battleground.
The talks are part of the peace talks also known as the composite dialogue process which India and Pakistan launched in early 2004.
Both India and Pakistan claim the glacier, located north of the line of control, that divides parts of Kashmir administered by the two nuclear-armed South Asian neighbours.
The two countries have stationed troops on the 76-kilometre-long glacier at a height of 21,000 feet, at considerable cost to their economies and human life due to the inhospitable conditions.
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao arrived in Tokyo Wednesday for a summit meeting, the first visit by a Chinese premier in almost seven years.
Wen's visit, which is seen as an indication of improvement of bilateral ties, is expected to focus on strategic bilateral relationships, as well as cooperation in environment and energy-related issues.
Ahead of his arrival in Tokyo, Wen was quoted as saying that he considered the summit meeting with his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe a true ice-melting trip.
Abe visited Beijing in October, a month after he took office, in an effort to mend strained ties with China.
Diplomacy between the two nations deteriorated under the former Japanese premier Junichiro Koizumi, whose repeated visits to the war-related Yasukuni Shrine angered Asian nations, especially China and South Korea.
Abe has not visited the shrine, which honours 2.5 million war dead including convicted war criminals. But he remains mum over whether he plans to do so during his premiership.
Abe's visit to Beijing as a prime minister, however, helped resume interaction between leaders of the two nations. 
During the summit on Wednesday, the Japanese premier was to announce his planned visit to Beijing in the fall.
Japan's top government spokesman said Wednesday that Tokyo hoped to see both sides reaching out to produce good results in building a mutually beneficial relationship.
Prime Minister Abe took a big step forward last October when he decided to visit China to mend relations. 
We don't think there is any 'ice' left, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yasuhisa Shiozaki said.
The two nations have shown close cooperation in the efforts to denuclearize North Korea and set up a research team to resolve disputes over history.
Earlier Wednesday, China lifted a four-year ban and agreed to resume imports of Japanese rice, expecting the first shipment of 25 tons in early July.
Some issues remain unsolved, however, the two sides are apart in the joint gas exploration project in the East China Sea.
Abe was expected to express concern over the lack of transparency in China's military buildup.
The Chinese premier was expected to adress the Japanese parliament Thursday morning, meet Emperor Akihito and business and political leaders, as well as joining university students in a game of baseball.
China and Japan celebrate the 35th anniversary of the normalization of their diplomatic relationship this year. 
Heavy fighting between government troops and Tamil Tigers in northern Sri Lanka has left 21 people dead on both sides, the defence ministry said Wednesday.
The clashes erupted when rebels fired mortars against military positions late Tuesday across a front line at Omanthai, the main crossing point between government- and Tiger-held territory.
The ministry said one government soldier was killed and four others wounded, adding intercepted rebel radio communication showed 20 rebels were killed in the military retaliation.
However, Tamil Tiger spokesman Rasiah Ilanthiriyan denied losing 20 fighters and placed rebel casualties at three dead.
He said the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) recovered the bodies of eight Sri Lankan troops.
The Omanthai crossing was shut for the second straight day Wednesday following the shelling.
The military said the LTTE were shelling government positions to obstruct the transport of supplies across the front line.
The International Red Cross this week expressed concern over a sharp rise in civilian deaths in the northern and eastern regions.
Journalists have not been allowed into rebel-held areas by Sri Lankan authorities since April last year.
On Saturday, suspected rebels blew up a passenger bus in the northern district of Vavuniya, killing eight people and wounding 25.
More than 4,000 people died between December 2005 and the first week of March 2007, including 675 civilians and 1,040 security personnel, according to defence ministry figures.
The LTTE has waged a 35-year campaign for independence that has claimed more than 60,000 lives.
North Korea's parliament on Wednesday sacked the country's premier Pak Pong-Ju and replaced him with transport minister Kim Yong-Il, state media said.
The Supreme People's Assembly session relieved deputy Pak Pong-Ju of premiership and elected deputy Kim Yong-Il premier of the cabinet of the DPRK (North Korea), the official Korean Central News Agency said.
The agency gave no explanation for the sacking of Pak, 67, who had held the post since September 2003 and was theoretically the head of government.
The agency also said Kim Yong-Chun was elected vice-chairman of the country's National Defence Commission during the session, which was presided over by the nation's leader, Kim Jong-Il.
In practice, all power in the reclusive communist state is centred on Kim Jong-Il, son of the nation's founding father and the focus of a vast personality cult.
Kim Yong-Nam, president of parliament's presidium, acts as head of state and receives diplomatic credentials.
The legislature, a rubber-stamp body, convenes irregularly once or twice a year.
The Arab League on Wednesday announced the postponement until May 15 of a Somali reconciliation conference originally set for next week to allow more time for preparations.
The delay will allow a full opportunity to prepare for the conference, Samir Hosni, the League's representative for Africa, explained to reporters.
He added that former Somali president Ali Mahdi Mohammed, head of the prepatory committee, would be visiting Cairo in the coming days to discuss preparations for the conference.
Somali President Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed originally announced in March that a reconciliation conference of 3,000 people from Somalia and abroad would be held on April 16, without specifying who would actually be involved.
But Somalia's Foreign Minister Ismail Mohamed Hurre said last week that the conference was to be delayed.
Diplomats at a meeting of the Somalia Contact Group last week said the deposed Islamic Courts Union would not be represented, but members could participate in other capacities such as clan representatives.
International officials have cited the holding of a conference and the establishment of a truce between the warring factions tearing the country apart as a prerequisite for the further deployment of African Union peacekeepers.
Two more US soldiers have been killed in Baghdad, the US military reported Wednesday, taking its losses to 34 this month alone.
A roadside bomb killed one US soldier and wounded two others on Wednesday when their patrol was attacked, the military reported.
Another soldier was killed and one more wounded when their patrol also came under attack in a southern district of Baghdad on Tuesday.
The latest fatalities brought the military's losses in Iraq since the March 2003 invasion to 3,282, according to an AFP count based on Pentagon figures.
Israel scrambled fighter jets to escort an American commercial passenger plane to landing on Wednesday, Israeli officials said.
An Airports Authority spokeswoman said Continental Airlines' Flight 90 was intercepted after it failed to identify itself upon entering Israeli airspace. 
The plane, a Boeing 777, was on a scheduled flight from Newark, New Jersey in the United States. 
All passengers and crew disembarked safely, Israeli officials said.
The Transportation Ministry said it was investigating whether there was a technical reason for the initial lack of communication between the plane and Israeli ground control.
A suicide car bomber wounded eight civilians in southern Afghanistan Wednesday, as officials said 13 Taliban died in a US airstrike and four more were killed by a mine they were planting.
The suicide attacker blew up his vehicle near a NATO convoy in the main southern city of Kandahar, the birthplace of the 1996-2001 Taliban regime whose remnants are now behind a bloody insurgency.
Police said eight civilians were wounded and the bomber died. 
The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force headquarters in Kabul confirmed an explosion and said its troops did not suffer any casualties.
No one claimed responsibility for the blast, but the Taliban have vowed to launch a wave of suicide attacks this year.
Separately on Tuesday, US-led coalition and Afghan troops called in warplanes after Taliban rebels attacked them with mortars and rockets in the troubled Sangin district of southern Helmand province, the coalition said.
Coalition aircraft arrived and dropped munitions which resulted in the destruction of one enemy compound, a bunker and a vehicle, it said in a statement.
There were an estimated 13 Taliban fighters killed during the engagement, it said, adding there were no civilian casualties.
The airstrike came a day after coalition jets killed four Taliban fighters in Sangin district.
About 1,000 Afghan security forces and NATO-led troops took Sangin out of Taliban control at the weekend without facing any major resistance, according to authorities.
Helmand is one of the most violent provinces in Afghanistan, where drug traffickers are said to fund the Taliban.
Meanwhile, four Taliban fighters were killed when a landmine meant to target foreign and Afghan troops exploded as they planted it in the southern province of Ghazni, a district official said.
More than 1,000 people, mostly militants, have died so far this year in violence linked to the fundamentalist Taliban, who were ousted by a US-led invasion after the September 11, 2001 attacks on the United States.
The US-led coalition has around 12,000 troops in Afghanistan while more than 30,000 soldiers are deployed in the Central Asian nation with the separate ISAF contingent.
Morocco on Wednesday presented its plan to grant self-rule to the disputed Western Sahara territory to United Nations chief Ban Ki-moon, an official said in Rabat.
The entire plan for autonomy has just been submitted by the ambassador to the UN Mustapha Sahel, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
Moroccan Information Minister Nabil Benabdellah told a government meeting that the document was titled the Moroccan Initiative for Negotiating Self-Autonomy for Western Sahara.
Benabdellah, who doubles as the government spokesman, added that the document would serve as a platform for negotiations between the concerned parties.
Morocco annexed the desolate but phosphate-rich northwest African territory after the withdrawal of the region's former colonial power, Spain, and neighbour Mauritania in the 1970s, settling it with around 300,000 Moroccans in 1975.
A war ensued with the Algerian-backed armed Polisario Front independence movement, which contested Rabat's sovereignty, ending only in 1991 with a UN-brokered ceasefire.
Since then, the United Nations has tried several times to organise a referendum on self-determination.
The Moroccan official said that copies of the document had not yet been sent to either Algeria or the Polisario Front but added that Rabat had not ruled out doing so in the future.
The United States threw its support behind the Moroccan plan after talks in Washington Tuesday between Under Secretary of State Nicholas Burns and a delegation from Rabat.
Burns called the plan a serious and credible proposal to provide real autonomy for the Western Sahara, according to a statement released Wednesday.
The United States hopes Morocco's presentation of its initiative to the United Nations will spur discussion and create an opportunity for Morocco and the Polisario to engage in direct negotiations, without preconditions, to resolve the Western Sahara dispute, he said.
The UN has apologized for postponing the opening of an exhibit marking the anniversary of the 1994 Rwanda genocide over Turkish objections to a reference to the killing of Armenians in Turkey during World War I, the Rwandan ambassador said Wednesday.
We were contacted by UN Under Secretary General (for public information Kiyotaka Akasaka) who told me they are reviewing the text (of the exhibit), Rwanda's permanent UN representative Joseph Nsengimana told AFP. 
He apologizes. 
The exhibit will (officially) open very soon.
The exhibit, which was to have been inaugurated by UN chief Ban Ki-moon Monday, is meant to commemorate the 13th anniversary of the Rwandan genocide during which Hutu extremists killed some 800,000 people, most of them ethnic minority Tutsis.
Farhan Haq, a UN spokesman, said the controversy arose when a Turkish diplomat walked by the exhibit as it was being put up last week and complained about a reference to the killing of several hundred thousand Armenians in Turkey during World War I.
He said the reference was on a small panel with a quotation from Raphael Lemkin, the Polish-born Jewish lawyer who coined the word genocide in 1943, had earlier shown interest in the Armenian genocide and campaigned in the League of Nations to ban what he called barbarity and vandalism.
Turkey, the successor of the Ottoman Empire, categorically denies claims of genocide and says thousands of Turks and Armenians were killed in civil strife during 1915-1917 when Armenians took up arms for independence in eastern Anatolia and sided with Russian troops invading the crumbling empire.
Much to Turkey's ire, many countries have recognized the killings as genocide.
Haq said a review panel made up of officials of the UN departments of public information and political affairs as well as those with expertise in genocide affairs would now look over the photographs and the text of the exhibit ahead of the inauguration.
This is what they were supposed to have done, he said. 
I am hoping it will be very quick.
The exhibit is partly organized by Aegis Trust, a British-based international organization lobbying to prevent genocide worldwide.
An anteater attacked a young zookeeper in Argentina, ripping open the woman's abdomen and legs with its long claws and leaving her in critical condition, a doctor said on Wednesday.
This female anteater apparently attacked her keeper at a Buenos Aires-area zoo to protect her offspring.
The unusual attack damaged the zookeeper's stomach, liver and lungs, said Jose Potito, director of the hospital where the woman was being treated.
The woman's condition is very serious, Potito told local TV channel America.
Anteaters, which can measure up to 9.2 feet (2.8 meters) long and weigh as much as 110 pounds (50 kg), are native to Latin America and have toothless snouts.
They are usually not aggressive, but their long, knife-like claws can do serious damage to predators when they defend themselves.
A worker at the zoo described the attack as an accident and said the animal was not punished in response.
Anteaters are endangered, according to the Argentine Wildlife Foundation, which uses the distinctive-looking animal as its symbol for protecting local species.
Climate change could diminish North American water supplies and trigger disputes between the United States and Canada over water reserves already stressed by industry and agriculture, U.N. experts said on Wednesday.
More heat waves like those that killed more than 100 people in the United States in 2006, storms like the killer hurricanes that struck the Gulf of Mexico in 2005 and wildfires are likely in North America as temperatures rise, according to a new report that provided regional details on a U.N. climate panel study on global warming issued in Brussels on April 6.
Severe weather already costs North America tens of billions of dollars annually in productivity and damaged property, and those costs are expected to rise, the U.N. report said.
The broadest effects of climate change will be water problems across the entire continent including more frequent droughts, urban flooding and a scramble for water from the Great Lakes, which border both the United States and Canada.
Water was an issue in every region but in very different ways and very different places, Michael MacCracken, a review editor of the report, said in a telephone interview.
Unlike many continents, North America has no east to west mountain ranges that limit droughts by forcing rapidly moving wet air to release rain, said MacCracken, also chief scientist for climate change at the Climate Institute, a Washington-based nonprofit group.
Cities will also be threatened as glacial melt leads to higher ocean levels. 
Late in the 21st century, severe flooding that occurs in New York once every 500 years could happen as often as once in 50 years, putting at risk much of the infrastructure in the New York region, the report said.
Droughts would also occur more often in the U.S. Midwest and Southwest as warmer temperatures evaporate soil moisture.
Those droughts could diminish underground supplies like the Edwards Aquifer in Texas, which supplies 2 million people with water, by up to 40 percent, and cut levels of the Ogallala aquifer which underlies eight U.S. states, the report said.
During droughts like the Dust Bowl of the 1930s, U.S. farmers pumped water from underground aquifers to save their fields through irrigation. 
Much of that water is now gone, said MacCracken. 
We've used up our savings bank.
Tight underground water supplies could kick off a scramble for large above-ground supplies in the Great Lakes, the report said. 
Spats have already occurred over diversion of the lakes' water for distant cities and farms, while calls have increased for channeling water to the Mississippi River to supply U.S. cities during hot summers.
Problems are also expected to intensify as warmer temperatures lower water levels through evaporation. 
Climate change will exacerbate these issues and create new challenges for binational cooperation, the report said.
Top Democrats in Congress denounced Wednesday the Pentagon's decision to extend troop deployments in Iraq as the consequence of White House policy failures.
Today's announcement just underscores the fact that the burden of the war in Iraq has fallen upon our troops and their families, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said.
The Bush Administration has failed to create a plan to fully equip and train our troops, bring them home safely and soon, and provide our veterans with the quality care they deserve, she said.
Extending the tours of all active-duty army personnel is an unacceptable price for our troops and their families to pay, Pelosi said.
US Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced Wednesday that the deployment of US troops in Iraq and Afghanistan were extended to 15 months, up from 12 months, effective immediately.
Once again the failures of this administration are being underwritten by our troops, said Senate Armed Forces Committee Chairman Carl Levin.
The cost of this will fall on the backs of the brave men and women already serving in harm's way, and their families, he said.
Joseph Biden, who chairs the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said, If the administration insists on keeping this many troops in Iraq into next year, it will have to send soldiers back on third, fourth and fifth tours.
The announcement undercuts the president's claim that Congress is straining the military and keeping soldiers from their families  and exposes it as nothing more than empty political rhetoric, said House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer.
Republican Charles Hagel, who has joined Democrats in their call for a withdrawal, said, Maintaining this tempo of operations will have drastic and lasting consequences for our nation's military readiness and unnecessarily endangers our ability to react to any other crisis in the world.
We are on a very dangerous course, Hagel said.
Salsa singer-songwriter Marc Anthony failed to pay taxes for four years in a row and owes $2.5 million in back taxes and fines, the Manhattan District Attorney said on Wednesday.
Anthony has not been charged, but his manager, accountant and his three companies all pleaded guilty to tax crimes in a plea deal reached with Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau. 
Anthony must pay the $2.5 million by June 1.
The New York-born singer, who is married to singer/actress Jennifer Lopez was not charged because he relied on his accountant to file his tax returns, Morgenthau said.
But between 2001 and 2004, years when Anthony  the biggest-selling salsa artist of all time  released the albums Libre, Mended and Amar Sin Mentiras, he failed to pay taxes on $15.5 million in income, according to the DA's office.
Lopez, who married Anthony in 2004, was not a subject of the investigation, Morgenthau said.
He thought that he could rely on his manager and his accountant, Morgenthau said of Anthony.
Anthony's lawyer was not immediately available for comment.
Anthony's manager, Bigram Zayes  who is also Anthony's brother  and Philip Sarna, the business manager and accountant for Anthony and his three companies, also failed to pay their personal city, state and federal income taxes.
Those companies, which handle Anthony's tours, the publication of his music and lyrics and his management, collect income which is then turned over to Anthony.
Both men will be sentenced in June.
A traditional Mediterranean diet rich in fruits, vegetables and nuts during childhood appears to protect against symptoms of asthma and nasal allergies, according to a new study.
There has been increasing interest in the role of nutrition in the development of asthma, and in the modulating effect of nutrition on environmental exposures, Dr. Paul Cullinan, of Royal Brompton Hospital and National Heart and Lung Institute, London, UK, and colleagues write in the medical journal Thorax.
In their study, the researchers surveyed 690 children between the ages of 7 and 18 years in rural Crete. 
Parents completed questionnaires on their children's respiratory and allergic symptoms, and diets.
The team reports that 80 percent of children ate fresh fruit and 68 percent ate vegetables at least twice a day.
Intake of grapes, oranges, apples, and fresh tomatoes protected against wheeze and nasal allergies, and a high intake of nuts reduced the likelihood of wheezing, Cullinan and associates found. 
Margarine, on the other hand, was linked to an increased risk of wheeze nasal allergies.
A diet high in antioxidants may prevent the expression of allergic disease in this population, the investigators conclude.
Japan's Deputy Foreign Minister Mitoji Yabunaka on Wednesday requested that Iran stop enriching uranium in compliance with a recent U.N. Security Council resolution, Japanese officials said.
Yabunaka, who was visiting Tehran, conveyed the message when he met with Iranian Foreign Minister Manuchehr Mottaki, they said.
Motaki reiterated that nuclear development is justified within the framework of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and that Iran will not join talks with conditions attached, indicating that it does not plan to stop uranium enrichment, according to the officials.
Motaki also said Iran actively supports the governments in Afghanistan and Iraq because their stability is important to Iran, they said.
Iran has repeatedly said that uranium enrichment, which the United Nations has demanded it stop, is its right and will not be abandoned.
The country has continued its uranium enrichment activities in defiance of a U.N. Security Council resolution passed in December, which imposed trade sanctions on Iran for its refusal to suspend uranium enrichment activities and gave it until Feb. 21 to comply or face broader sanctions.
Iran defied the resolution, prompting the Security Council to unanimously adopt another resolution imposing additional measures on Iran last month.
World leaders reacted with horror to the double suicide bombing in Algiers claimed by Al-Qaeda that killed at least 23 people and wounded 160 Wednesday.
UN chief Ban Ki-moon strongly condemns the terrorist bombings that occurred today in Algeria, UN deputy spokeswoman Marie Okabe told a press briefing.
Ban believes this deplorable incident, the latest in a series of similar attacks in the Maghreb region as a whole, shows the need for concerted international action against terrorism which has the effect of undermining the normal functioning of societies and disrupting the lives of ordinary people, she added in a statement.
In Washington, both the White House and the State Department condemned the attacks.
These horrific acts indiscriminately killed members of the security services and civilians alike, said State Department spokesman Sean McCormack.
The United States condemns the terrorist attacks, he added.
White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said US authorities were already working with their Moroccan and Algerian counterparts.
We stand with them as they try to find out the cause or the impetus for the attacks, she said.
Russian President Vladimir Putin expressed his sorrow and indignation in a statement released by the Kremlin.
This criminal act of terrorism once again confirms that terrorism has no ethnic or religious identity and is one of the greatest challenges the entire international community faces today, he added.
In the Middle East, the secretary general of the Arab League, Amr Mussa, condemned the attacks.
The monarchies of the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait and Qatar also denounced the attacks in separate statements.
In Brussels, European Union foreign policy chief Javier Solana said: I condemn with the strongest force the bloody attacks perpetrated today in Algiers which caused a high number of casualties.
These were odious and cowardly acts, he added, offering his condolences to the families of the victims.
French President Jacques Chirac condemned what he called the terrible attacks in a message of solidarity to Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika. 
Algeria was until 1962 a French colony.  
Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero said in a telegram to Bouteflika that he was profoundly moved by the terrible news of the tragic terrorist attacks perpetrated today in Algiers.
I want to express in my name and in the name of the government of Spain my most profound solidarity and my strong condemnation.
Twenty-nine mainly Moroccan accused are on trial in Spain for the March 11, 2004 train bombings in Madrid which killed 191 people and wounded hundreds in the country's worst terrorist attack.
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao on Thursday became the first Chinese leader to address the Japanese parliament in more than two decades, saying he hoped his trip would bring in a new era of warmer relations.
If (Japanese) Prime Minister (Shinzo) Abe's visit to China in October was a trip to break the ice, I want my visit to be an ice-melting visit, he said. 
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao, in a speech to Japan's parliament on Thursday, urged Japan to match its words of apology for Tokyo's wartime aggression with action.
We sincerely hope Japan will use practical actions to manifest its public statements and promises, Wen told the Japanese lawmakers.
Wen, making the first visit to Japan by a Chinese premier since 2000, also called Japan's past military invasion of China a calamity but said the Chinese people wanted to exist in friendship with the Japanese people.
The Japanese invasion of China was a calamity for the Chinese people, Wen said in the speech, delivered against a backdrop of the national flags of the two Asian giants.
But he added, The Chinese people want to exist in friendship with the Japanese people.
Wen is on a three-day visit aimed at deepening a warming in long-strained ties begun with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's trip to Beijing in October.
An explosion on a bridge in Baghdad on Thursday killed at least six people and sent several cars plunging into the Tigris River below, Iraqi police said.
Police said the blast, which occurred during the morning rush hour, had damaged the Sarafiya bridge in northern Baghdad.
One of its girders had collapsed. 
Four or five cars had fallen into the river and the death toll could rise, police added. 
Iraqiya state television said a number of people had been killed and wounded.
The Tigris River cuts Baghdad in half and the Sarafiya bridge is a key artery in the northern part of the city.
U.S. and Iraqi forces launched a security crackdown in the capital two months ago that has managed to reduce death squad killings, but car bombs have remained a problem.
Checkpoints are placed at the entrances to most of the many bridges that cross the Tigris in Baghdad.
The security operation in Baghdad is seen as a last ditch attempt to halt Iraq's slide into sectarian civil war.
The U.S. military said on Wednesday that for the third month in a row, civilian casualties had declined in Baghdad but that in the same period there had been an increase in casualties across Iraq.
Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki on Thursday called for international help to rebuild his war-torn country, saying the people were struggling to rise from the ashes of conflict.
Because of its abundance in resources such as oil and gas, Iraq has a great potential to become an advanced country, he told South Korean business leaders.
However, it is true that reconstruction is being delayed and all facilities are in ruins. But the Iraqi people are making utmost efforts to rise from the ashes, he said through an interpreter.
Iraqis are striving for democracy and peace in the face of near-daily attacks by insurgents, he said.
For reconstruction, Iraq needs help from its friends...we hope our friends join us in efforts to rebuild the country.
Maliki arrived Wednesday from Japan for a three-day visit, accompanied by his oil, energy, industrial policy and urban planning ministers.
He said his delegation had many proposals for joint projects in the oil, electricity, road construction and petrochemical sectors, and invited South Korean firms to expand investment in Iraq.
Iraq always welcomes you with open arms. 
Windows of opportunity are open wide and all kinds of conveniences will be provided, he said.
Even though we were late in beginning the reconstruction work, we want to catch up.
South Korea's Commerce, Industry and Energy Ministry said Seoul signed a memorandum of understanding Thursday on developing oil and gas fields in northern Iraq.
Maliki later met President Roh Moo-Hyun and discussed ways to cooperate more closely in natural resources, energy and construction, the presidential Blue House said.
The Iraqi prime minister was to tour industrial plants in the southern city of Ulsan on Friday.
South Korea, with 1,300 soldiers working on relief and reconstruction in the northern Iraqi city of Arbil, has the third largest foreign force after the United States and Britain, but is looking to pull them out by year's end.
It has also provided some 220 million dollars in aid to rebuild the country.
India on Thursday test-fired a nuclear-capable intermediate-range ballistic missile which can reach the Chinese cities of Beijing and Shanghai, defence officials said.
The launch of the Agni-III missile took place from Wheeler Island, 180 kilometres (110 miles) northeast of Bhubaneswar, capital of the eastern state of Orissa.
Officials at the facility did not immediately say whether the test was successful.
The missile took off vertically into a clear sky leaving behind a thick column of white and yellow smoke, the Press Trust of India news agency reported.
It was the second test of Agni-III, a two-stage solid fuelled missile which has a diameter of 1.8 metres (six feet) and can carry nuclear or conventional warheads.
The first test of the missile, with a range of up to 4,000 kilometres (2,480 miles), ended in failure last July when it developed problems after a successful take-off and crashed into the sea without hitting a designated target.
The technical glitches in its heat shield and other material related faults have been rectified, an unnamed defence ministry official told The Times of India.
Agni-III was originally scheduled for testing in 2003 but it was believed to have been deferred amid moves by arch-rivals India and Pakistan to bury decades of mutual hostility.
An Indian foreign ministry source in New Delhi said India, which signed an agreement with Pakistan on the pre-notification of ballistic missile tests in October 2005, had informed Islamabad of the latest Agni-III test.
India, which conducted nuclear weapons tests in 1998, has developed a series of nuclear and conventional missile systems as part of the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO)'s Integrated Missile Development Programme which was launched in 1983.
The Agni is one of five missiles developed by the DRDO.
New Delhi has already begun the production of two variants of the Agni   a 700-kilometre (434-mile) Agni-I and the 2,500-kilometre (1,550-mile) range Agni-II after flight-testing both the ballistic missiles numerous times since 1993.
The other four missiles are the Prithvi, the surface-to-air Trishul (Trident), multi-purpose Akash (Sky), and the anti-tank Nag (Cobra).
A spokesman for an Iraqi insurgent group  said Wednesday that his group was willing to negotiate with the United States if the power withdraws from the country.
Ibrahim al-Shemmari, spokesman of the predominantly Sunni Iraq Islamic Army (IIA), also said in an interview with al-Jazeera television that there was a widening gap between his group and al-Qaeda forces in Iraq.
And he claimed that insurgent forces have killed 25,000 Americans - a number that is disputed by carefully kept US figures.
Al-Shemmari described his group as including faithful elements from the dissolved Iraqi army but excluding all Baathists.
The Sunni insurgency formed after the ouster of president Saddam Hussein in 2003, who had ruled Iraq with an iron hand that kept the minority Sunnis in control over the majority Shiites.
Since then, all-out lethal conflict has broken out between the Sunni insurgent forces and Shiite militia, with the US-led coalition forces struggling to dampen the violence while foreign Sunni al-Qaeda fighters seeking to sew chaos wherever possible.
Al-Shemmari charged that the gap with al-Qaeda came about after it had killed 40 IIA fighters, but vowed that the group was seeking reconciliation to unify all the insurgent groups and fight until the US troops leave the country.
We are keen on the unification of all resistance groups.
We have written for this end to Osama bin Laden and other scholars, al-Shemmari said.
Al-Shemmari offered to enter into negotiations with the United States under certain conditions provided that an outside body like the European Union, Russia or Turkey hosted talks.
He said the group was prepared to enter into negotiations if the US Congress made a binding decision to withdraw US troops, even as it was seeking to unify the insurgent groups.
Our second condition is that the Americans recognize the resistance as a legitimate party, he said.
US Congress has set a timetable for withdrawal of US forces from Iraq by 2008, as part of a funding bill for the war. 
US President George W Bush has threatened to veto the bill. 
Al-Shemmari called the conflict over the financing of the US troops in Iraq a good omen.
The IIA official claimed that about 25,000 Americans were killed in Iraq since the US-led force invaded the country in 2003, according to the number of American vehicles its fighters had destroyed.
We only count the occupants of US vehicles completely destroyed in our operations, he said.
In Washington, the private think tank, Brookings Institute, which keeps a widely respected tally of deaths in Iraq, reports only 470 deaths of foreign non-Iraqi private military contractors. 
In all, it estimated there were more than 20,000 private military contractors serving in Iraq, but did not specify their nationality.
Another website, Iraq Body Count, estimates Iraqi civilian deaths at 61,000 to 67,000.
Al-Shemmari faulted the official figures of the US military command in Iraq, which officially puts the number of troops killed in the past four years at about 3,243. 
He said the number neglected the mercenaries and personnel involved in the logistic services.
Al-Shemmari said that the former Iraqi army included both faithful personnel and corrupt Baathists, which was why Baathists were excluded from the IIA. 
He dismissed as propaganda reports that Baathists, belonging to the ruling party of former President Saddam Hussein, represented the backbone of the Iraqi insurgency.
He pointed out that the IIA had benefited from all previous guerrilla warfare experiments, including the Vietnam war, in its operations against the US-led multinational force in Iraq. 
He blasted the government of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki, a Shiite, as a sectarian cabinet which is part of the Iranian project.
Two NATO soldiers were killed Thursday in separate explosions in Afghanistan, taking the number of foreign soldiers killed in the country to 11 in less than a week, the International Security Assistance Force said.
Another soldier was wounded in the two blasts, which occurred 30 minutes apart along the same road in eastern Afghanistan, ISAF said in a statement, without giving any further details.
The two ISAF convoys were approximately eight kilometers apart, conducting independent operations in support of the Afghan government, when they were attacked within 30 minutes of each other, it said.
American soldiers are deployed in eastern Afghanistan, a volatile area that borders Pakistan.
Eight Canadian and one American soldiers have died in similar explosions in Afghanistan since Sunday.
On April 8, Easter Sunday, Canada suffered its heaviest single-day troop loss in 50 years with the death of six soldiers outside Kandahar.
Since the beginning of the year, 39 NATO and US-led coalition troops have died in Afghanistan. 
Some 170 were killed there in 2006.
A suicide bomber killed eight people in the Iraqi parliament on Thursday, slipping through multiple checkpoints in a brazen strike that challenged a major U.S.-backed security crackdown in Baghdad.
U.S. military spokesman Major-General William Caldwell said initial reports showed eight had been killed and 20 wounded in the blast which tore through a cafe where lawmakers were having lunch. 
State television said three of the dead were lawmakers.
It was the most serious breach of security in the Green Zone, the sprawling, heavily protected area in central Baghdad that houses parliament, government offices and the U.S. embassy.
U.S. President George W. Bush and Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki, who is on a trip to the Far East, condemned the attack, which Caldwell blamed on Sunni Islamist al Qaeda.
The bold attack by a suicide bomber wearing an explosives vest came despite a two-month-old operation by thousands of U.S. and Iraqi troops in the capital regarded as a last chance to stop a slide to full-scale sectarian civil war.
A truck bomb also killed at least seven people on Sarafiya bridge in northern Baghdad, a main artery linking east and west Baghdad, destroying most of the steel structure and sending several cars plunging into the River Tigris below.
How explosives were smuggled into the Green Zone is likely to be the focus of an investigation. 
They would have had to pass through an outer checkpoint manned by U.S. and Iraqi troops and multiple inner checkpoints guarded by security contractors and foreign troops that are part of the U.S.-led coalition.
We are trying to backtrack all the systems to see how somebody was able to get a suicide vest into the Convention Centre where the members of parliament meet ... we are looking at who had access there, Caldwell told Reuters by telephone.
The U.S. military said this month that two explosives vests were found in the zone. A third suspected vest was known to have been missing and a hunt was launched to find it.
The Pentagon has launched a criminal investigation into an incident last month in which US marines allegedly opened fire on a crowd of Afghan civilians, officials said Thursday.
The March 4 incident was sparked when a suicide bomber ambushed a five-vehicle convoy carrying a US Marine Corps special operations unit on a busy highway between the eastern city of Jalalabad and the Pakistan border.
Witnesses said the marines fired indiscriminately on a crowd of civilians. 
The marines insisted they only opened fire after coming under attack from automatic weapons.
At least eight civilians were killed and 35 wounded, although the Afghan government said 10 Afghans were killed and 25 wounded as a result of return fire.
The US officer in charge of the investigation thought there were reasons why he should pass on the case to the Navy's criminal investigative unit, said Lieutenant Colonel Lou Leto, a spokesman for the US Central Command, in charge of US military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The deaths sparked angry protests with drew hundreds of people converging on the the site of the attack, chanting Death to America and Death to (Afghan President Hamid) Karzai.
Two weeks after the incident, the marine unit involved in the shooting was ordered out of Afghanistan.
Photographers and cameramen working for international news organizations said their pictures and video of the aftermath of the attack were deleted by US forces.
The US military said the images were deleted to protect the integrity of the investigation.
We deeply regret the loss of life and casualties that resulted from the (suicide car bomb) attack and the actions that followed, Leto said in a statement.
A mob stoned to death an Asian man in Uganda on Thursday and two other people were killed when a protest at plans to axe parts of a rainforest reserve to grow sugarcane turned violent, police and witnesses said.
Regional police commander Edward Ochom told Reuters officers opened fire with tear gas and live rounds after demonstrators began attacking Asian businesses and a Hindu temple, angered by moves to expand an Indian-owned company's sugar plantations.
Three people have been confirmed dead, he said. 
One is an Asian man who was stoned to death by the rioters. 
The other two are Ugandans and we are still investigating their deaths.
A Reuters journalist saw the bloodied body of an Asian man in the street. 
Police blocked roads in the centre of the capital. 
Scores of demonstrators hurled rocks at them.
Protest organiser Frank Muramuzi said the march began peacefully before a misunderstanding with the police.
All of a sudden they opened fire with tear gas and live ammunition, Muramuzi said. 
Everyone scattered but two people were seen lying in the road. 
I don't know if they were killed or injured, but they have been rushed to hospital.
Police commanders had earlier approved the march, called to protest at plans to cut down thousands of hectares of Mabira Forest to expand the estate of local sugar company Scoul.
Scoul is part of the Indian-owned Mehta Group.
The controversy began last year when President Yoweri Museveni ordered a study into whether to axe 7,000 hectares (17,000 acres) or nearly a third of Mabira.
Mabira which has been a nature reserve since 1932 is one of Uganda's last remaining patches of natural forest.
The government's proposal angered some parliamentarians and residents. 
They said the environmental costs of slashing the forest would far exceed the economic benefits of the plantation.
Environmentalists say destroying Mabira could have grave ecological consequences, from increased soil erosion to the drying up of rivers and rainfall, and the removal of a buffer against polluting nearby Lake Victoria.
An Ohio man suspected of joining al Qaeda and conspiring to bomb targets in Europe and the United States has been indicted and will appear in court on Thursday, the U.S. Justice Department said.
The FBI arrested Christopher Paul, a 43-year-old U.S. citizen, late on Wednesday after a four-year investigation of his alleged involvement with al Qaeda in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Germany, the Justice Department said in a statement.
Paul joined al-Qaeda in 1991, the indictment said. 
He then trained and supported German co-conspirators planning to bomb European tourist resorts frequented by American citizens, as well as U.S. embassies, consulates and military bases overseas, it said. He also targeted a person in the United States, it said.
It did not say whether any of the suspected plans were carried out.
Paul also is suspected of conducting research, beginning in 2006, on remote-controlled boats, a model remote-controlled helicopter and flight simulators for commercial aircraft, the indictment said.
The indictment of Christopher Paul paints a disturbing picture of an American who traveled overseas to train as a violent jihadist, joined the ranks of al Qaeda, and provided military instruction and support to radical cohorts both here and abroad, Assistant Attorney General Kenneth Wainstein said.
Paul, a native of Columbus, Ohio, is due to appear in U.S. District Court in Columbus on Thursday. 
His attorney, Don Wolery, could not be immediately reached for comment.
A roadside bomb attack killed six Iraqi civilians taking the bus home from college and work near the northern oil hub of Kirkuk on Thursday, security and medical sources said.
Doctor Abdallah Mohammed Khorsheed said the bodies of six civilians were brought into hospital after the makeshift bomb exploded alongside the bus as it was headed to a neighbourhood outside Kirkuk.
Another 21 Iraqis were wounded in the attack, the latest violence increasingly rocking the troubled oil hub ahead of a referendum on its future status which under the constitution should take place by year-end.
A security official said the bus was carrying students and workers home from their place of study and employment in downtown Kirkuk.
Insurgent attacks are common in Kirkuk, which sits atop a third of the country's oil resources and is home to a fractious ethnic and sectarian mix.
Longstanding Kurdish demands for the city to be incorporated into their autonomous region in northern Iraq strongly opposed by Iraqi Arabs and neighbouring Turkey is the focus of this year's expected referendum.
A young Argentine zookeeper who worked on a giant anteater conservation project died on Thursday after she was attacked by an anteater who mauled her abdomen and legs with its sharp front claws.
Her injuries were very serious and when she was admitted she was already in critical condition, Jose Potito, director of the hospital, told Reuters.
Potito said Melisa Casco, 19, died after an operation to amputate one of her legs.
Casco worked at the Florencio Varela zoo outside Buenos Aires as part of a conservation and reproduction project involving endangered giant anteaters.
The zoo was closed on Thursday and not available for comment but a zoo worker on Wednesday described the attack as an accident.
Zoo workers told local media they did not see Tuesday's attack on Casco. 
Different reports said the anteater was male, or female, and may have been protecting offspring or was in heat.
Anteaters, which can measure up to 2.8 meters long and weigh as much as 50 kg, are native to Latin America and have toothless snouts.
They are usually not aggressive, but their long, knife-like claws can do serious damage to predators when they defend themselves.
NATO commanders have asked for 3,400 additional police and Army trainers for Afghanistan, a need the United States wants European allies to fill, U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said on Thursday.
NATO has asked for about 3,400 training positions, and quite frankly we're having trouble, Gates said after meeting with defense ministers from countries with troops in Afghanistan's volatile southern region.
Gates said the group, including ministers from Canada, Britain, Australia and other countries, talked about approaching European allies that do not have troops engaged in combat in Afghanistan to fill the training requirement.
You have nations that are not willing to put combat troops in. ... Those who are not willing to do that or able to do that may be able to pick up the slack in this area where those of us who are contributing most of the combat forces don't have additional forces available, he said.
The request for more trainers came about six weeks ago, Gates said. 
About 60 percent of the 3,400 trainers are needed for Afghanistan's police and the rest for the army.
Those training needs come on top of other troop and equipment shortfalls previously identified by NATO commanders. 
The United States and Britain have contributed most of the troops to the Afghan mission, and officials have expressed frustration that other nations have not committed additional forces following commanders' call for more troops earlier this year.
Gates said the United States could provide some of the trainers, but he could not say how many. 
U.S. forces are already stretched thin by the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, as highlighted on Wednesday by the Pentagon's decision to extend the tours of all active-duty troops.
We can fill some of (the training positions) but we don't really have the ability right now to fill them all, he said.
Senegal honoured on Thursday five of its soldiers killed in Sudan's Darfur region and said it could withdraw from an overstretched African peacekeeping force there within weeks unless it was given firm U.N. backing.
The West African country, whose peacekeeping troops are widely respected, made the warning as U.N. negotiators drew close to persuading Sudan to allow 3,000 U.N. personnel to bolster the African Union (AU) mission in Darfur. 
Senegal has 538 soldiers in the 7,000-strong AU contingent in Darfur, a western Sudanese region the size of France where more than 200,000 people have been killed in political and ethnic conflict since 2003. 
Senegal believes that enough is enough, Foreign Minister Cheikh Tidiane Gadio told a news conference. If in the coming weeks we do not move toward a solution, which for Senegal means transforming the AU force into a U.N. mission, then we are going to withdraw our troops from Darfur.
The Senegalese warning followed a similar statement last month by another contributor to the Darfur force, Rwanda, whose President Paul Kagame demanded more resources for it.
Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir's government has refused to accept non-African peacekeepers on the ground in Darfur, although he has agreed to others manning command centres and coordinating logistics. 
Khartoum has not agreed to a proposed AU-U.N. operation of more than 20,000 troops and police.
As Senegal received with military honours the bodies of the peacekeepers killed by an April 1 rebel ambush, the government had demanded in a written statement that the AU and Sudan put our soldiers in the best conditions to be able to carry out their mission and defend themselves.
AU officials have said the Darfur mission needs increased U.N. logistical assistance and more sophisticated defensive weapons. 
Sudan, however, has objected to U.N. proposals to equip the force with helicopter gunships.
The April 1 ambush on the Senegalese was the deadliest single assault on the African force since it was deployed in 2004. 
A Rwandan soldier was also killed in an April 10 attack.
At a military camp in downtown Dakar, relatives of the slain soldiers wept before their coffins, which were laid in a row draped with the green, yellow and red national flag. 
The dead soldiers were awarded posthumous decorations.
The entire Senegalese nation is in mourning, Gadio said at the ceremony.
He reiterated Senegal's willingness to participate in peacekeeping operations on the African continent. 
The world's biggest U.N. peacekeeping force, 17,000-strong and deployed in Democratic Republic of Congo, includes Senegalese troops.
Senegal's warning over the Darfur force appeared aimed as much at the AU and the international community as at the government of Sudan.
Senegal regrets the delay in the deployment of the hybrid operation which the Sudanese government had in fact approved before subsequently questioning it, the Senegalese government statement said.
Three Norwegian crew members died and another five were missing after their tugboat capsized in the North Sea on Thursday, British coast guards said.
A further seven personnel were rescued from the Bourbon Dolphin, a Norwegian anchor-handling supply tug, which capsized 75 miles (121 km) north of Scotland's Shetland Islands, a spokeswoman for the Maritime and Coastguard Agency said.
As night set in, a rescue operation involving two helicopters and three nearby vessels was scaling down but a naval diving unit remained on the scene with divers planning to continue the search, said Sophie Turner.
In the morning the helicopter will be back on the scene, Turner said, while warning it was unlikely the missing crew would survive until then in the cold sea waters.
It would be a search and recovery operation tomorrow not a search and rescue, she said.
The North Sea near Scotland sees heavy traffic from vessels supplying off shore oil rigs. Waters there are deadly cold this time of year, but weather in the area was described as good.
Sea rescue experts said crew in the water could survive for a few hours, but only if they were wearing survival suits designed to keep them warm.
Turner said it was not yet known why the boat capsized.
Residents of an eastern Chinese city attacked and injured nine people, including police officers and a reporter, who were investigating an illegal pyramid scheme, the official Xinhua news agency said.
One of the police officers was in critical condition after the attack, in Jiujiang city in the poor inland province of Jiangxi, Xinhua said in an overnight report.
About 100 members involved in the scheme attacked the investigators with iron bars as police were taking away the alleged organiser of the scheme, the report said.
The police detained more than 40 people who were accused of taking part in the attack, it added.
More than 100 policemen were called in to restore order, Xinhua said.
Austrian Interior Minister Liese Prokop, a former Olympic athlete, died suddenly late Sunday night at the age of 65.
Prokop's death was confirmed to the Austrian news agency by the ministry in Vienna shortly after midnight Monday.
She died from a rip in the aorta on the way to the hospital, ORF radio reported.
Prokop had served as minister under conservative chancellor Wolfgang Schuessel since December 2004.
Before her political career, Prokop was famed as an athlete, winning a silver medal in the pentathlon at the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City. 
In 1969 she set a world record in the sport with 5,352 points.
Somali Islamist fighters on Sunday retreated towards their last remaining stonghold of Kismayo in the face of a military onslaught by Ethiopian-backed government forces.
Earlier last year the Islamists took control of the capital Mogadishu and much of the country and were closing in on the weak transitional government's last stronghold at Baidoa.
But the intervention of Ethiopia's well-equipped armed forces  a move which has received tacit support from Washington  enabled the government to turn the tide and force the Islamists on the back foot.
After 10 days of heavy fighting involving Ethiopian artillery, tanks and aircraft the Islamists withdrew from the capital on Thursday.
Islamist leaders then regrouped in Kismayo and the nearby township of Jilib, but by Sunday the Islamists withdrew from Jilib, Islamist commanders told AFP.
We have retreated back from the town, Islamist commander Dahir Hashi told AFP. 
A resident told AFP he saw Islamist pick-up trucks mounted with machine guns speeding to Kismayo from the frontlines.
Somalia's deputy defence minister, Salad Ali Jelle, said the joint government and Ethiopian forces on the ground outnumbered the Islamists in Jilib by more than two to one.
The Islamists are very weak now, Jelle said.
In Mogadishu, Deputy Prime Minister Hussein Aidid, a former Mogadishu warlord, urged Islamist leaders to surrender, disarm and avoid more of the fighting that has killed hundreds, and possibly thousands, in the lawless African nation.
We will surround them but we will leave open (an opportunity) for dialogue and negotiations for them to disarm, Aidid told AFP.
So far, the offer of peace talks has fallen on deaf ears, with the Islamist leaders refusing to discuss surrender.
This is something that will never happen, said another of their  commanders, Sheikh Mohamed Ibrahim Bilal. 
Our country is under colonisation and we cannot accept any offer of negotiations as long as Ethiopians are in our territory.
Alarmed by the conflict, Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki said late Sunday that he would convene an urgent regional summit in the new year as chairman of the Inter-Governmental Authority on Development (IGAD) east African group of nations.
As a country we are also keen on experiencing regional peace and  stability. 
It is for this reason that I wish to appeal for peace in the Horn of Africa, Kibaki said in a New Year message.
The Islamists have sought to paint the presence of the Ethiopian military as a foreign invasion, while the government has responded by highlighting the Islamists' alleged links with Al-Qaeda.
Our joint forces are pursuing and chasing international terrorists. 
We will not stop until we have chased them completely from our country, Somali Prime Minister Ali Mohamed Gedi said.
He alleged that some of those accused of bombing the US embassies in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam as well as an Israeli-owned hotel in Kenya in 2002 were among the Islamists.
The Ethiopian intervention has received tacit US support, with Washington arguing that Addis Ababa had legitimate security concerns about the possibility of Islamists with Al-Qaeda links gaining control of the country.
African and Arab nations have called on the Ethiopian military to withdraw immediately, but the Somali government has insisted the troops will stay as long as they are needed.
Somalia disintegrated into lawlessness after the 1991 ousting of dictator Mohamed Siad Barre. 
It was carved up among clan warlords, some of whom now back the government.
Thousands of Spaniards marched to protest the Madrid airport bombing by Basque separatists as the Ecuadorian community fretted over the fate of two missing men who if confirmed dead would be the first fatalities ascribed to armed group ETA since 2003.
Saturday's blast, which spectacularly ended a nine-month ceasefire by the armed separatist group and led the government to suspend efforts to broker a negotiated solution to four decades of conflict, slightly injured 19 people and left two young Ecuadorians missing.
Trained rescue dogs could find no trace of them Sunday but the search in the estimated 30,000 cubic meters (more than one million cubic feet) of rubble was to continue through the night.
The explosion was probably caused by a 500-plus kilogram bomb and possibly up to 800 kilograms of explosives, city hall experts said. 
A first police estimate had spoken of about 200 kilograms of explosives.
City hall also called off a planned light and sound extravaganza at the central Puerta del Sol square where Spaniards and tourists traditionally converge to welcome the new year.
ETA gave three telephone warnings in the hour before the blast but rescuers Sunday night still had no trace of either Diego Armando Estacio Civizapa (19) and Carlos Alonso Palate (33).
Both were believed to have been dozing in their cars waiting for flights from their homeland to arrive.
Diego's father, Winston, told Spanish television he could only pray for good news.
We're just waiting to see if they find anything, if they find him alive. 
I just pray to God they find him and that he is alright. That's all we can do, just hope.
As Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero pondered the apparent end of his attempts to kickstart long stalled peace negotiations, the mood was grim as several thousand people marched on Madrid's Sol Square to condemn the bombing.
Zapatero who found himself in the line of fire as some protesters yelled out for him to resign.
Other smaller rallies took place in a swathe of other towns.
Just one day before the bombing, Zapatero had forecast that the situation (with regards to ETA) will be better in a year.
But after the bombing the leader of the main conservative opposition Popular Party Mariano Rajoy urged a tougher stance.
The response cannot be 'I am suspending a negotiation', said Rajoy.
I am breaking with ETA, I am applying the law with all parties and all Spaniards and I am going to take the battle to them.
Somali Prime Minister Ali Mohamed Gedi on Monday ordered residents in the capital Mogadishu to hand in their weapons  within three days or face forceful disarmament.
In line with the declaration of transitional federal government in consultation with leaders, elders, civil society everybody has agreed on the disarmement process, Gedi told reporters. 
After that, the government has the support of Mogadishu to collect the weapons by use of force.
The Somali government offered on Monday to pardon any Islamist fighters who laid down arms after abandoning their final stronghold overnight.
The government is providing amnesty for them provided they hand over their weapons, Somali Prime Minister Ali Mohamed Gedi told a news conference in Mogadishu, saying the Islamist fighters had been misled by international terrorists.
Somali Prime Minister Ali Mohamed Gedi on Monday called for an urgent deployment of African Union peacekeepers after days of fierce fighting between the Ethiopia-backed government forces and an Islamist movement.
We are consulting with the African Union and the member states. 
They are still needed for their support in the pacification and stabilisation of the country. 
We would like the military observers and peacekeapers to come in to help us as soon as possible, Gedi told reporters in Mogadishu.
Israel began easing restrictions at checkpoints in the occupied West Bank Monday as promised by Prime Minister Ehud Olmert at a summit with Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas last month.
A military spokesman said roadblocks were not being lifted altogether for the time being.
These measures mainly concern an easing of severe checks at various crossing points and not, at this stage, the removal of military barriers, the spokesman said.
Palestinian chief negotiator Saeb Erakat told AFP that Olmert promised Israel would begin lifting restrictions on some checkpoints Monday in a telephone call to Abbas the previous day.
But Erakat said that it was not possible to say if anything had changed yet.
We observe what Israel does and we will judge what we will see with our eyes, not what we hear from them, he told AFP.
The Israeli premier vowed to take immediate and concrete steps to improve humanitarian conditions for the Palestinians after his December 23 talks with Abbas  the two men's first meeting in six months.
Defence Minister Amir Peretz later told parliament's foreign affairs and defence committee that Israel would dismantle 59 of the 400 or so roadblocks in the West Bank in two phases  24 at first, and the rest later.
Palestinians travelling across the West Bank are forced daily to run the gauntlet of dozens of checkpoints erected by the Israeli army to control the movement of militants.
Followers of executed former Iraqi dictator, Saddam Hussein, were protesting at his execution in his home province of Tikrit Monday, witnesses said.
In Duluiyah, 100 kilometres north of Baghdad, dozens were demonstrating against the execution, according to the witnesses.
The former dictator, who ruled with an iron fist for 24 years before being ousted in 2003 in a US-led invasion, was hanged a day earlier in Baghdad for crimes against humanity in connection with the killings of 148 people in 1982 in the Iraqi Shiite town of Dujail.
The provincial capital of Tikrit, 170 kilometres north of Baghdad, where a curfew was imposed while the execution being carried out, was quiet, according to police.
Several hundred people had protested in Tikrit Sunday, but crowds dispersed soon after security forces fired shots in the air, police said.
Witnesses said Monday that supporters of Saddam had been trying to reach the grave of the former president, who was buried in his home village of Awja, five kilometres from Tikrit.
In other parts of the Tikrit province, supporters of Saddam were said to be meeting to consider what action to take.
Speakers were suggesting that Saddam's execution was an act of revenge by the Shiite-dominated government against the Sunnis, who were favoured during Saddam's regime.
The number of US troops who have died in Iraq has reached 3,000, according to a count kept by a casualty monitoring organization.
The announcement Sunday that a soldier had died after an improvised explosive device detonated near his patrol the day before increased the death count as 2006 draws to a close.
The group Iraq Coalition Casualty Count reports 2,989 deaths have been officially confirmed by the US Defence Department, and 11 additional deaths have not yet been officially confirmed.
US President George W Bush is reviewing the country's strategy in Iraq, amid growing public dissatisfaction with the war, the release of a highly anticipated study on Iraq, and losses by his centre-right Republican Party in congressional elections. Bush is expected to announce a new strategy in January.
An Agence France-Presse photographer, 50-year-old Peruvian national Jaime Razuri, was kidnapped in Gaza Monday by unknown gunmen, according to two witnesses.
Several unmasked gunmen abducted the photographer at the entrance to the agency's offices in the centre of Gaza City as he was returning from an assignment with a translator and a driver.
We got out of the jeep. 
I heard the noise of weapons. 
I turned around and I saw two unmasked men. 
They pointed their weapons at Jaime and at me, said the translator, Hamman Al Faghawi.
They told me to shut up and took him away in a Subaru car, he said.
There were two other armed men in the car who refused to identify themselves or to say what they wanted, the translator said.
Abductions of foreigners have been increasing in the past year in the Palestinian territories, especially in the volatile Gaza Strip.
Around 20 foreigners, including several journalists, have been kidnapped in recent months in Gaza. 
All were released soon after being abducted.
Bolivia has begun requiring visas of visitors from the United States effective Monday, the government announced.
The government of President Evo Morales announced the change after a cabinet meeting Sunday and Monday, noting that Bolivians traveling to the United States are required to obtain visas.
Even if Bolivia is a small country, one labelled underdeveloped, it still has dignity like any other country, Morales said.
Bolivians are currently charged a non-refundable 100 dollars to apply for visa to visit the United States, according to the US State Department's Bolivia embassy website.
Morales also announced a new decree supporting intensifying development of the country's Amazon region.
Somalia's Islamists fled towards Kenya or melted into the southern hills on Monday after abandoning their last stronghold to advancing government forces backed by Ethiopian troops, tanks and planes.
In just two weeks, Ethiopia's military muscle has enabled a feeble government to break out of its provincial enclave, drive the Somali Islamic Courts Council (SICC) from the capital and end six months of Islamist rule across much of the south. 
We need to end the impasse politically, Interior Minister Hussein Mohamed Farah Aideed told reporters in the capital. 
If we do not reconcile with them then they will start an insurgency like in Iraq. 
Several thousand of the Islamist fighters who retreated from Mogadishu on Thursday took a stand 300 km (186 miles) to the south near Kismayu port, but disappeared Sunday night after trading artillery fire with Ethiopian and government troops.
The leaders and fighters SICC, who fled Mogadishu on Thursday after six months rule, headed further south along the Indian Ocean coast towards neighbouring Kenya, residents said. 
They have vowed to hit back with guerrilla tactics. 
Some Kismayu residents said the Islamists headed into the remote hilly region of Buur Gaabo, just on the Somali side of the border, where it would be very hard to catch them. 
Aideed said SICC leaders were in the coastal village of Ras Kamboni.
It will take three to four months to clear them from there, he said That would be long. 
The place is rugged with thick bushes.
In the newly captured but gun-infested capital, the triumphant government gave residents and militia three days from Tuesday to hand in their weapons or be disarmed by force.
It renewed its appeal for African peacekeepers to come as soon as possible to help stabilise the Horn of Africa nation, which has been in chaos and without central rule since dictator Mohamed Siad Barre was overthrown in 1991.
And it urged Kenya to close its border and arrest any Islamists who made it across. 
A Kenyan police chief said several suspected fighters from Somalia were arrested on the frontier on Sunday and were being questioned. 
He gave no more details.
The long and porous border is tough to patrol, with ethnic Somalis populating the Kenyan side and nomads crossing easily.
U.S. warships from its Djibouti-based counterterrorism Joint Task Force were also said to be patrolling the sea off Somalia to stop SICC leaders or foreign militant supporters escaping.
Ivory Coast's northern-based New Forces rebels on Monday rejected a bid by President Laurent Gbagbo to bypass a U.N.-backed peace plan and hold direct talks with them.
Gbagbo announced his own plans on Dec. 19 to end the partition of the cocoa-growing country after a 20002/03 civil war, including direct talks with the rebels, in what was widely interpreted as a further snub to the U.N.-backed process.
But in a New Year's statement on Monday, New Forces leader Guillaume Soro made clear any talks would have to follow the process laid out by U.N. Security Council resolution 1721, adopted in November, which hands broad control of reunification and organising delayed elections to an interim prime minister.
Soro noted Gbagbo had asked President Blaise Compaore of neighbouring Burkina Faso to help mediate direct talks with the rebels, but said that contrary to some media reports, no such talks had taken place.
Nobody has the right to refuse dialogue and cooperation in the pursuit of peace. 
All the same, this dialogue can not be envisaged outside resolution 1721. 
So it seems to me to be urgent that all participate to fully enact this resolution, Soro said in a statement distributed by the rebels in Bouake.
Resolution 1721 approved a further 12-month delay to a presidential election originally due in October 2005 but postponed because the country was split into the rebel-held north and government-controlled south, as it still is.
The resolution also extended the term of interim consensus Prime Minister Charles Konan Banny, a central banker, and strengthened his powers to arrange disarmament of former fighters, a national identification campaign and other steps towards reunification and elections now due by Oct. 31, 2007.
The U.N. Security Council voiced grave concern on Dec. 21 at delays in the peace process and said Banny must be able to freely exercise his powers without hindrance, in an apparent swipe at Gbagbo and the home-grown peace plan he had launched two days earlier.
U.N. peacekeepers backed by forces from former colonial power France patrol a buffer zone between the two sides, but international mediation efforts have foundered amid bickering between Gbagbo's government, the rebels and political parties.
More than 2.5 million Muslim pilgrims performed final devil-stoning rites on Monday, as Saudi authorities declared the annual pilgrimage free from the tragedies that have marred haj in recent years.
Praise be to God, we have had a safe haj this year. 
I bring my sons with me normally (for protection), but this year I found I was okay without them, said Saadiya Mustafa from Egypt.
The organisation has been great, said Indian pilgrim Sayed Yousef, sitting on top of a van amid severe traffic congestion on the final day of haj. 
I was here two years ago, but this time there was more free food and less hassle.
On Monday, pilgrims made a third and final visit to the Jamarat Bridge to throw stones at three large walls representing the spot of Satan's temptation of biblical patriarch Abraham. 
Then many jumped on whatever transport they could find to make a final visit to Mecca's Grand Mosque, which filled with hundreds of thousands of pilgrims into the evening.
Look at the pedestrians, they are moving faster than the cars, said Hamdan bin Musaileh, a Yemeni stuck in the suffocating traffic jam. 
I bet they get a better reward from God for walking to the Mosque rather than taking transport.
Authorities congratulated themselves that the haj rites had passed off without incident despite a surge of pilgrims at the bridge on Monday in the rush to finish and leave.
There have been no security violations at all at the Jamarat area, Interior Minister Prince Nayef told reporters, praising Saudi clerics for offering pilgrims clear advice to pace the stoning throughout the day.
Hardliners of Saudi Arabia's Wahhabi school of Islam often insist stoning should take place in the afternoon to emulate to the word what they say was the practice of Prophet Mohammad.
It was on the final day of the last haj that 362 pilgrims were crushed to death during the stone-throwing ritual in the worst haj tragedy in 16 years. 
New construction work completed in recent months allows 250,000 pilgrims to pass over the Jamarat Bridge each hour. 
Saudi authorities were also bolder than normal in removing pilgrim squatters who set up makeshift tents in the area.
Saudi Arabia regularly deploys more than 50,000 security men to safeguard haj against militants and try to prevent disasters.
The 5-day rites were overshadowed by the hanging on Saturday of former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein, a hero to some Sunni Arabs over his anti-U.S. stances, but hated by many Shi'ites.
Saudi Arabia criticised Iraq for despoiling the spirit of the haj, one of the world's biggest displays of mass religious devotion which is a duty for able-bodied Muslims with the means.
A study of military veterans suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder found the more severe their anxiety, the greater their risk of heart disease, researchers said on Monday.
The link between stress and heart disease has long been recognized, and researchers at the Harvard School of Public Health in Boston found that relationship existed among nearly 2,000 Boston-area veterans.
Post-traumatic stress disorder, or PTSD, once dismissed as combat fatigue, can also afflict people who experience traumatic events. 
It is characterized by anxiety, reexperiences of the event and avoidance of stimuli related to the experience.
Based on commonly-used measures of stress disorder symptoms used in the Harvard study, each step up in symptom severity increased the risk of a heart attack by 26 percent, the report said.
This pattern of effects suggests that individuals with higher levels of (post-traumatic stress disorder) symptoms are not simply prone to reporting higher levels of chest pain or other physical symptoms but may well be at higher risk for developing coronary heart disease, wrote study author Laura Kubzansky in the Archives of General Psychiatry.
An unrelated study in the same journal from the Netherlands found veterans who suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder were less sensitive to pain than counterparts without the disorder.
Twenty-four Dutch veterans were subjected to variable temperatures on their hands by researchers at Central Military Hospital and the Rudolph Magnus Institute of Neuroscience, Utrecht, led by Elbert Geuze. 
The 12 who suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder rated the pain significantly less severe than those without the disorder.
Images taken of the veterans' brains during the temperature experiment showed those with the disorder processed the pain differently in regions of the brain associated with mood and cognition.
The year 2007 could deepen the wrinkles on Moloko Temo's face as she enters her 132nd year in life as the world's oldest living person.
South Africa's Tomo, who joined in the celebrations to usher in the new year with her great-great grand children today, officially turns 132 this July, according to a news report here.
Hailing from Limpopo province, Tomo is believed to be the oldest living person in the world though the Guinness Book of Records is yet to recognise the status, according to the national SAFM News.
She was born in 1874, it said.      
In her new year message, she urged the youth, especially her great-great-grand children to look after themselves. 
Former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein was an avid reader, fed birds and told jokes while he was in US custody, an American military nurse who looked after him said in interviews with US media.
Robert Ellis (56), an operating room nurse assigned to Saddam during his US military detention, described a courteous, contemplative figure in stark contrast to the brutal reputation Saddam earned during his rule over Iraq.
He basically talked about his wife, and his children, Ellis told CNN on Monday.
He was an avid reader, loved to read and write. 
He had a lot of stories that he had written. 
He had a pamphlet that he wrote in every day and then when time came to visit him he'd read things to me, the army reservist said.
The master sergeant said he had strict orders to ensure Saddam stayed alive while in US hands.
That was my job 
To keep him alive and healthy, so they could kill him at a later date, Ellis recounted in an interview from his home in Normandy, Missouri with the St Louis Post-Dispatch published on Sunday.
Saddam was convicted of crimes against humanity and executed by hanging on Saturday, an end that did not sit well with Ellis.
I was kind of disappointed (by the execution), Ellis told CNN.
I thought that they would more or less put him in jail for the rest of his life to kind of stem some of the violence that I knew was going to take place, he said.
When Saddam at one point was allowed short walks outside
Saddam also watered a plot of weeds.
He said he was a farmer when he was young and he never forgot where he came from, Ellis told the paper.
Ellis said he did not believe Saddam was lonely while in detention because he was jovial at times.
Saddam had a good sense of humor. 
You know, made jokes, you know. 
And he spent most of his time reading, and praying, he said.
Ellis said he monitored Saddam's health from January 2004 to August 2004, 
Guards referred to Saddam by the code name Victor, he said.
Saddam went on a hunger strike at one point, refusing to eat when guards slid food through the slot on the bottom of his cell door. 
He visiting him twice a day, giving him medicine daily, checking his blood pressure and temperature and ensuring he was receiving enough food and water.
The former president would feed birds pieces of bread saved from his meals, the nurse told the St Louis newspaper. 
One hundred Malaysian soldiers arrived in Lebanon on Tuesday to join a U.N. peacekeeping force monitoring a truce between Israel and Hezbollah guerrillas in south Lebanon.
They are the first Malaysians to join the U.N. force, which was boosted under the terms of a U.N. Security Council resolution that ended Israel's 34-day war with Hezbollah in mid-August.
A military spokesman in Malaysia said a final contingent of 260 soldiers from the mainly Muslim country would follow on January 15.
Israel had initially objected to peacekeepers from countries that do not recognise the Jewish state, but later relaxed that stance.
Both Malaysia and neighbouring Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim nation, have now sent troops to Lebanon, although neither has diplomatic ties with Israel.
U.N. resolution 1701 authorised an increase in the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL) by more than 13,000 troops from its previous level of 2,000. 
There are now more than 11,000 UNIFIL peacekeepers in Lebanon, a spokesman said.
Malaysia's Defence Minister Najib Razak has said his country is ready to increase the number of troops in Lebanon if the United Nations extends the Malaysian mandate beyond six months.
The Malaysian soldiers will be based in the town of Marjayoun near the Syrian border, he said.
A British man accused of the serial murder of five prostitutes before Christmas appeared in court in the eastern town of Ipswich Tuesday.
Steve Wright, 48, was told by Ipswich Crown Court that he would be remanded in custody to May 1. 
A date for his trial has not yet been set.
The former truck driver was charged on December 21 with the murders of Gemma Adams
The five women were found dead near villages south of Ipswich during a 10-day period in December. 
They all worked as prostitutes in the market town near Cambridge.
Thousands of refugees fleeing recent fighting between the Ethiopia-backed Somali government and the now-vanquished Islamists  were stranded Tuesday at the border with Kenya after authorities refused them entry, officials said.
Around 4,000 Somalis are said to be in Dhobley along the Kenya-Somalia border, waiting, not yet able to cross, UN Office for Coordination for Humanitarian Affairs (UNOCHA) said in a statement.
Kenyan police said they would not allow the refugees into the country for security reasons.
We will never allow them to cross over, a top police commander in northeastern Kenya told AFP. 
If we allow them they will bring in security problems.
Kenya has reinforced its border security to prevent Islamists from crossing into the country, which already hosts at least 160,000 refugees who fled fighting more than 15 years of unrest in Somalia.
Police said they are probing eight suspected Islamists fighters who tried to infiltrate into the country after they lost control of their last stronghold in Kismayo to an allied Somali-Ethiopian force.
Despite government claims it has full control of southern and central Somalia, the Islamists, who have vowed to wage a guerrilla war, still pose a security threat in the impoverished nation of 10 million inhabitants.
The UN World Food Programme said it had resumed normal operations in Somalia after a two-week disruption was caused by a land, air and sea ban imposed by the Somali government.
Somalia has lacked an effective government since the 1991 ouster of dictator Mohamed Siad Barre.
Recurrent natural calamities have compounded misery for people in the country, where recent flooding affected about a million people.
An explosion in the northern Gaza town of Beit Lahiya killed one Hamas activist and injured three others Tuesday, security officials said.
The three were carrying an explosive device or projectile, which accidentally fell and blew up, they said.
They were trying to secure an outpost of the auxiliary security force loyal to the ruling Palestinian movement against possible attacks by gunmen of the rival Fatah movement. 
A day after at least two people were injured and more than a dozen kidnapped in fresh clashes between the two groups.
Two huge Singapore-registered barges have been found, empty and abandoned, after mysteriously beaching on the Malaysian coast, a report said Tuesday.
Villagers spotted the barges as they approached off the coast of eastern Pahang state in rough seas on Sunday, the New Straits Times said.
I thought they may be mysterious islands which had surfaced unnaturally from the bottom of the sea, said villager Ismail Mat Taib, who had been herding cattle near the beach.
When they settled on the sand, the villagers discovered they were barges each the length of two football fields, and three storeys high.
A police spokesman told the daily that they were trying to trace the owner of the vessels, which had Singapore markings.
The Spanish government has broken off peace talks with the armed Basque separatist group ETA after it planted a car bomb at Madrid airport, probably killing two people, the governing Socialist Party confirmed Tuesday.
There is no dialogue with violence, Socialist organizational secretary Jose Blanco said, stressing that it was ETA that had ended the peace process.
There had been uncertainty about the state of the peace process after Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero said he had suspended contacts with ETA.
The process had only resulted in one official meeting between the government and ETA since the group declared a ceasefire in March and Zapatero announced talks in late June.
The rupture was a heavy blow to millions of Basques and other Spaniards, who had hoped for an end to a violent campaign of nearly four decades that has claimed more than 800 lives.
Some analysts thought Saturday's attack may have been carried out by a splinter group within ETA, while some sources within ETA's political wing Batasuna said ETA may only have wanted to pressure the government into making concessions rather than to end the peace process.
The daily El Mundo, however, said ETA had staged the bombing in knowledge of the government's intention to move some jailed ETA activists to prisons closer to their homes in a concession demanded by the separatists.
Firefighters meanwhile continued combing thousands of tons of rubble produced by the explosion of a bomb weighing up to 800 kilos at a parking lot of the airport's new terminal 4.
They reached the zone where the bomb had gone off, but discovered no sign of the two Ecuadorian men who had gone missing. 
Interior Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba said there was virtually no hope of finding them alive.
The explosion destroyed or damaged more than 1,000 cars. 
The damage was estimated at up to 40 million euros (53 million dollars).
ETA had not staged fatal attacks since May 2003. 
The group seeks a sovereign Basque state carved out of northern Spain and southern France.
Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh received Tuesday a message from the family of Saddam Hussein in which they voiced gratitude for his  position against the execution of the former Iraqi president.
On the behest of the family of the martyr president of the Republic of Iraq, Saddam Hussein, we express thanks and appreciation for your brotherly and generous position, read the message, quoted by Yemen's official Saba news agency.
The message was signed by three of Saddam's nephews. 
Taha Abdullah al-Hajj, Muhammad Hassan al-Majid and Jassim Hassan al-Majid, who have been living in exile in Yemen since Saddam's regime was toppled by a US-led invasion in 2003.
Yemen had on Friday called on US President George W Bush to prevent the execution of Saddam, saying such a move could set off more violence in Iraq.
The former Iraqi leader was executed early Saturday morning in Baghdad four days after an Iraqi court upheld the death sentence handed down after Saddam was convicted for the 1982 massacre in the Iraqi city of Dujail.
On Tuesday, hundreds of people performed special prayers for Saddam in the Yemeni capital Sana'a before they took to the street to protest his execution, shouting slogans against the United States and the Shiite-dominated government in Iraq.
They also waved anti-US placards, with one reading, If Saddam is martyred, every one of us is Saddam.
Saleh's nephew, Yahya Muhammad Abdullah Saleh attended the prayers.
Yemen angered its Arab Gulf neighbours for its public opposition to the intervention by foreign military forces to end Iraq's occupation of Kuwait in 1991.
Russia on Tuesday assumed the rotating presidency of the U.N. Security Council, the world body's most powerful organ, which has five new elected members.
The 15-nation council has five permanent members with veto power -- the United States, Russia, China, Britain and France -- and 10 elected nations, who rotate for two-year terms, five each year.
South Africa, Indonesia, Italy, Belgium and Panama took their seats as nonpermanent members, replacing Argentina, Tanzania, Japan, Denmark and Greece. 
Panama was the compromise candidate for Latin America after a protracted battle between Venezuela and Guatemala last year.
Remaining for another year on the council, whose decisions on peace and security are mandatory for all U.N. members, are Congo Republic, Ghana, Peru, Qatar and Slovakia.
The council presidency rotates monthly, according to the English alphabet, with Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin, taking over for January from Qatari Nassir Abdulaziz al-Nasser.
But campaigns to enlarge the council, whose permanent members are World War Two victors, have met with resistance over the last decade, despite nearly universal agreement that the body is dominated by industrial nations and omits such countries as Japan and Germany, the highest dues payers after the United States.
But each candidate for possible enlargement has had enough opposition to sink the attempt.
Comic actor Will Ferrell and his wife have had their second baby boy, Ferrell's representative said on Tuesday.
Mattias Ferrell was born in the early hours on Saturday in Los Angeles, according to a statement from his publicist Matt Labov.
All are healthy, happy and otherwise okay, Labov said.
Ferrell and his wife Viveca have one other boy, 2 year-old Magnus.
Ferrell shot to stardom on television sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live, and the funnyman has risen to become a major Hollywood star in such movies as Elf.
Their May-December romance has lasted longer than many a Hollywood marriage, and now actress Demi Moore, 44, tells Vanity Fair magazine that she and husband Ashton Kutcher, 28, are considering having kids.
Most definitely, she told the widely-read magazine in its February issue that hit newsstands in New York and Los Angeles on Tuesday.
Once you hit three, where you're outnumbered, it's really, like, 'What's the difference between (three or) four or five,' she said.
Moore, the star of movies such as G.I. Jane, Ghost and Indecent Proposal, already has three children ages 18, 15 and 13 with former husband, actor Bruce Willis. 
She and Willis divorced in 2000.
Moore and Kutcher, who gained fame on television's That '70s Show, met in 2003 and married two years later. 
While many Hollywood watchers first took bets on how long they would last, the pair seem to have forged a special bond.
The actress told Vanity Fair that being married to Kutcher is the best thing that has happened to her.
If somebody would have said, 'O.K., here is the prediction: You're going to meet a man 25 years-old, and he's going to see being with you and having your three children as a bonus,' I would have said, 'Keep dreaming,' Moore said.
I think it caught us both by surprise, particularly him, she said later. 
The magazine said Moore's kids now call Kutcher MOD for My Other Dad.
Adding that for us, the age was never even a thought because it was really just like meeting somebody I've always known.
United Nations staff and peacekeepers in the south of Sudan have been accused of sexually abusing children as young as 12, the Daily Telegraph reported Wednesday.
The abuse allegedly started when the UN, which has around 10,000 personnel in the area, moved in two years ago to help reconstruction after a 23-year civil war, the paper said.
Initial claims of abuse emerged within months of the UN's arrival and an internal report was reportedly compiled on the issue in 2005.
The UN, whose new Secretary General Ban Ki-moon started work Tuesday, has refused to comment on the allegations, according to the Telegraph.
The paper said it has gathered accounts from more than 20 victims detailing claims that UN workers have picked up children in vehicles owned by the organisation and forced them to have sex.
But the Telegraph said that hundreds of children may have been abused.
The Sudanese government, which is against any UN deployment in the stricken Darfur region of western Sudan, has also gathered evidence including footage of UN workers having sex with three young girls, the paper said.
James Ellery, the British regional co-ordinator for the UN mission in Sudan, has refuted the claims, according to an interview last May cited by the Telegraph.
None of these claims can be substantiated. 
Over 90 percent of people here are illiterate and rumours therefore spread very quickly, he was quoted as saying.
This is the most backward country in Africa and there are lots of misunderstandings as to the UN's role.
Australia appears to be suffering an accelerated Greenhouse effect, with the pace of global warming faster across the country than in other parts of the world, climatologists said on Wednesday.
The world's driest inhabited continent, already suffering one of its worst droughts, was waging its own unique climate war, said Australia's Bureau of Meteorology yearly climate report.
Half the country was desperate for water and the other half was awash with a year's rainfall for the entire continent.
Most scientists agree this is part of an enhanced Greenhouse effect, bureau senior climatologist Neil Plummer told Reuters.
Temperatures are actually rising a little bit faster over Australia compared to the global average, and we know that of Australia's 20 hottest years, 15 have occurred since 1980.   
As the first cyclone of the summer bore down on Australia's orthwest coast, bringing more rain and potentially destructive winds, the report revealed extraordinary climatic contrasts.
Some areas experienced rare summer snow falls over Christmas to dampen bushfires, even as the drought tightened its grip and major cities imposed tough restrictions on water usage.
While the nation received above average 2006 rains, with 490 mm of rain falling against the 472 mm average, key water catchments and rivers shrivelled in the food bowl southeast where most Australians live.
Rain fell, but just not in the most populated areas. 
Most Australians would certainly have seen 2006 as a dry year, Plummer said.
Australia's average temperature for 2006 was 0.47 Celsius (1 Fahrenheit) above the long-term average, but it was only the eleventh warmest year since 1910, the bureau report said.
And despite record daily temperatures in the southeast, last year was cooler than 2005 due to a very active tropical wet season early in the year.
Plummer said an El Nino weather event in the Pacific Ocean bringing severe drought to eastern Australia was responsible for much of the variation, but that was beginning to weaken.
What we see on the rainfall is a signature of El Nino. 
There are signs that is weakening and most times we see a breakdown in late summer or autumn, and usually a good break with lots of rain.
US President George W. Bush will welcome congressional leaders of both major US parties Wednesday for talks on a range of issues including Iraq, an administration official said Tuesday.
Tomorrow evening is a reception and will be more informal in nature. 
I'd expect a range of topics about the year ahead to be discussed among the group, including Iraq, the official said on condition of anonymity.
The embattled president, under pressure to change course in Iraq, has been holding consultations ahead of a speech in which he is expected to unveil a new strategy for quelling deadly violence tearing that country apart.
The speech is expected to come before Bush's annual State of the Union address in late January, and could be as early as next week.
Iraq's Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said in an interview published Tuesday he wished his tenure was already over, and made clear he had no desire for a second spell in office.
Maliki, accused by US critics of failing to clamp down on sectarian militia partly responsible for raging violence in Iraq, was asked in an interview with the Wall Street Journal whether he would accept a second term.
Impossible, Maliki answered.
I wish I could be done with it even before the end of this term.
I would like to serve my people from outside the circle of senior officials, maybe through the parliament or through working directly with the people, he added.
I didn't want to take this position. 
I only agreed because I thought it would serve the national interest, and I will not accept it again.
Maliki also said that each of the seven months he had been in office had been difficult because of political divisions wracking Iraq.
But despite his travails, Maliki said he would not be in office, unless he thought the dire plight of Iraq could improve, and he was asked if he thought Iraq would have peace in his lifetime.
I have a strong hope. 
If I didn't have hope, I wouldn't be here today, he told the Journal.
Maliki's four-year government took office in March last year, and his cabinet was installed and approved in May. 
Given Iraq's volatile environment and fast-moving political developments, it is unclear whether his government will serve out its full term.
Two men were killed and two other people injured in a two-vehicle collision on the Chuo Expressway in Ena, Gifu Prefecture, police said Wednesday.
The police said they are trying to identify the two men, who were riding in a car which hit the median before colliding with a van driven by Yasushi Takayanagi, of Hamamatsu, Shizuoka Prefecture, at around 9 p.m.
Takayanagi, 36, and his wife Masako, 35, suffered minor injuries, the police said.
The collision temporarily shut down southbound traffic between Ena and Mizunami Interchange, the police said. 
Meanwhile, a heavy fog in Yamagata Prefecture in northeastern Japan on Wednesday delayed the Tsubasa No. 102 bound for Tokyo from Shinjo and six other Yamagata Shinkansen trains by up to 33 minutes, affecting some 2,400 holiday travelers, East Japan Railway Co. officials said.
JR East's Yamagata branch said the fog developed between Shinjo and Yonezawa on the JR Ou Line, forcing the seven trains to run at reduced speeds.
The government is set to drop its plan to review imperial succession rules that bar women from succeeding to the throne, given the birth last year of the first boy in 41 years to the world's oldest hereditary monarchy, the Sankei Shimbun reported Wednesday.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is paying little attention to a proposal that a government panel made in 2005 that included a recommendation to revise the Imperial House Law in order to give priority to firstborns, regardless of gender, the national daily said.
But the newspaper also said the government will continue necessary discussions on whether Japan can maintain a stable imperial succession relying only on the births of male heirs.
The panel, organized under the initiative of Abe's predecessor, Junichiro Koizumi, to study ways to ensure a stable succession, was seen as paving the way for Princess Aiko, 5, the only child of Crown Prince Naruhito and Crown Princess Masako, to ascend the throne.
The Imperial House Law, enacted in 1947, stipulates that only male heirs who have emperors on their father's side can ascend the imperial throne.
The Sankei said that the situation changed after Princess Kiko gave birth to a boy in September.
The boy, named Prince Hisahito, is now third in line to the throne, following Crown Prince Naruhito, 46, his uncle, and his father Prince Akishino, 41.
North Korean Foreign Minister Paek Nam-sun has died, the North's official media reported on Wednesday.
Paek, 77, who had served as foreign minister since September 1998, had been ill. His last major appearance on the public stage was at an Asian foreign ministers' meeting in Kuala Lumpur in July.
Palestinian security officials advised European and American nationals to leave Gaza Wednesday because of a threat of kidnappings, a top official said, two days after the abduction of an AFP photographer who remains missing in the impoverished territory.
We've had warnings of kidnapping operations and have asked American and European nationals to leave Gaza, a security source told AFP.
A man was rescued Wednesday, two days after falling 300 metres while climbing Mount Fuji, considered a holy mountain in Japan.
Fumio Shoji, 33, who had a pelvis fracture and frostbite, spent two nights in a snow cave awaiting rescue, Kyodo press agency reported. 
He had wanted to celebrate New Year's Day on top of Japan's highest mountain. 
On Monday, one man died and two others were injured after they slipped down the face of the 3,776-metre-high Mount Fuji.
Rescue efforts had been obstructed by bad weather. 
It said they had also been in contact with a third man linked to the March 11 bombings which killed 191 people.
In the raids, police seized false documents, receipts for telephone calls to Afghanistan, cash and three computers.
Britain's Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott on Tuesday condemned the leaked video footage shot on a cellphone of Saddam Hussein's execution as totally unacceptable.
Speaking to BBC radio, Prescott said, I think the manner was quite deplorable really. 
I don't think one can endorse in any way that, whatever your views about capital punishment.
Frankly, to get the kind of recorded messages coming out is totally unacceptable and I think whoever is involved and responsible for it should be ashamed of themselves, he continued.
The deputy premier's comments came as the Iraqi government launched an inquiry into the circumstances surrounding the execution of the former Iraqi leader, who was hanged before dawn on Saturday in Baghdad.
Prescott has been left at the political helm while Prime Minister Tony Blair is out of the country on a family holiday. But the government reiterated that it was Foreign Secretary Margaret Beckett's comments made Saturday that represent the views of the government on Saddam's death.
I welcome the fact that Saddam Hussein has been tried by an Iraqi court for at least some of the appalling crimes he committed against the Iraqi people. 
He has now been held to account, Beckett said in a statement after the execution.
The Iraqi authorities have expressed worry that the secret footage, which features the taunting of Saddam as well as his execution, will contribute to a dramatic rise in sectarian tensions between Iraq's Sunni and Shiite communities.
A group of Australian federal parliamentarians across the political spectrum wants the US government to let them visit Australian terrorist suspect David Hicks at Guantanamo Bay, media reports said Wednesday.
As the fifth anniversary of Hicks's detention at the US military base in Cuba nears, Senator Natasha Stott Despoja argued that similar delegations from other countries had visited the facility and it was time Australia was allowed to have one, too.
Hicks had pleaded not guilty to charges of conspiracy, attempted murder and aiding the enemy, but those charges were dropped after the US Supreme Court ruled in June that the military tribunals set up to try Hicks and other Guantanamo Bay inmates were illegal.
Hicks's military-appointed lawyer Major Michael Mori has indicated his client would again plead not guilty when charges were relaid.
The Australian government has consistently supported US efforts to charge Hicks, but pressure has been building on Canberra to take action to end Hicks's detention.
Earlier in the week, the new Australian director of military prosecutions, Brigadier Lyn McDade, said the treatment of Hicks was abominable, and Attorney-General Philip Ruddock said those remarks reflected the government's position.
His agreement with McDade marked a change in the government's rhetoric about Hicks.
The fact that a trial has not yet occurred frustrates us, and we have been arguing very strongly with the United States that these issues need to be resolved, Ruddock said.
Kenya's government has closed the border with Somalia to stop armed people crossing into the country with refugees, Foreign Affairs Minister Raphael Tuju said Wednesday.
The Kenya-Somalia border is closed, Tuju told a news briefing in Nairobi, hours after security forces deported at least 600 refugees back to the lawless neighbouring African nation in a move that alarmed the UN refugee agency.
On Monday, the Somali transitional government appealed to Nairobi to shut its border to prevent Islamists who had just abandoned their last remaining stronghold in the port town of Kismayo from crossing over.
Tuju said Kenya's government, which has reinforced aerial and ground patrols along the 700-kilometre border, feared a possible influx of arms into the country, brought by fleeing refugees and combatants.
He said civilians faced no danger in Somalia, where government fighters backed by Ethiopian forces vanquished the Islamist movement from all its urban strongholds in a military campaign less than two weeks long.
There is no evidence that anybody who is not a combatant is in danger, he said.
Earlier, the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) agency had protested that Nairobi's deportations violated international law.
We are certainly disturbed by reports we are getting that people seeking asylum are being sent back because this amounts to contravention of the international humanitarian law, said Millicent Mutuli, the UNHCR spokeswoman in Nairobi.
Tuju said the agency would set up camps inside Somalia if it sees need to do so.
The UNHCR has provisions ... to set up camps anywhere, inside Somalia, Tuju said.
Afghan and foreign troops killed 20 rebels, including two commanders, in operations against militants in southern Afghanistan, officials said Wednesday.
Seventeen, including the commanders, were killed in the southern province of Helmand in a three-day operation that wrapped up Monday and involved Afghan and NATO-led troops, interior ministry spokesman Zemarai Bashary told AFP.
About 4,500 British troops are in Helmand serving with NATO's International Security Assistance Force (ISAF).
An ISAF spokesman in the capital, Kabul, confirmed there had been sporadic incidents in the area, but could not confirm the interior ministry's death toll.
Provincial police chief, general Mohammad Nabi Mullahkhail, said two Taliban pickup trucks were destroyed in the operation in and around the province's Kajaki district.
British troops make up the second-largest contingent in the 37-nation ISAF, after the United States.
The separate US-led coalition focused on counterterrorism operations said its troops had called in an air strike on Monday against insurgents seen planting improvised bombs in Uruzgan province, also in the south.
Three were killed, it said. 
Uruzgan is the base of most of the 2,200 Dutch troops in ISAF.
The onset of winter has seen a drop in Taliban-linked violence, which soared to new heights last year. 
Most of the unrest was in the south, the heartland of the militia that was in government from 1996 to 2001.
The fighting killed about 4,000 people in 2006 -- most of them rebels.
Three Palestinian gunmen and a civilian were killed Wednesday, as clashes between the rival Fatah and Hamas movements flared up again in Gaza and foreigners were told to leave the volatile strip for fear of abductions.
The latest fighting began when a sniper gunned down a Fatah member as he was guarding the house of a senior militant in the northern Gaza town of Jabaliya.
The family of the slain accused Hamas militants of being behind the shooting and responded by opening fire at Hamas supporters leaving a mosque.
A 22-year-old woman critically injured in the head during the exchange of fire died of her wounds, hospital officials announced.
Later in the day, members of a Hamas-controlled security force launched rocket-propelled grenades at the car of a Fatah official in the southern Gaza town of Khan Younis, killing two Fatah members.
Three others were wounded, one of them critically, security sources said.
The latest clashes come despite a fragile, two-week-old truce, which Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Prime Minister Ismail Haniya had hoped would end the wave of internal violence that began December 11 with the shooting of the three small children of a senior Fatah official in Gaza City.
Supporters of Abbas's opposition Fatah and Haniya's ruling Hamas also continued to exchange mutual kidnappings Wednesday, with local reports saying gunmen snatched three nephews of a senior Fatah official in northern Gaza.
A foreign photographer, 50-year-old Jaime Razuri from Peru, snatched by unknown militants in front of the French news agency AFP's Gaza office Monday night, also remained missing.
Police said they had as yet no clue who was behind the abduction.
The security services answering to Abbas urged foreigners to leave the Gaza Strip for fear of further abductions.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon Wednesday expressed condolences for the death of North Korean Foreign Minister Paek Nam Sun, who had been involved in reunification talks with South Korea.
Ban, a former foreign minister of South Korea, said he worked with Paek for peace and prosperity on the Korean peninsula over the years.
Ban said he hopes the death of Foreign Minister Paek does not, in any case, hinder the ongoing six-party process or the way for North Korea's foreign policy to open up to the international community.
Since he was elected to the top UN leadership position, Ban has been saying that he wants to help resolve the conflict over North Korea's nuclear dispute with the UN Security Council, which has imposed targeted nuclear technology on the Pyongyang regime for pushing its nuclear ambitions.
The six-party talks to end the nuclear dispute have not been successful as North Korea rejected demands to abandon its nuclear programmes. 
The talks involved China, Russia, the two Koreas, the US and Japan.
Tunisian security forces shot dead 25 members of a criminal gang south of the capital Tunis on Wednesday, a security source said.
Twenty-five people were killed in an exchange of fire with security forces in the town of Slimane, the source said. 
Slimane is 30 km south of Tunis. 
Government officials could not immediately be reached for comment on the report.
Major opposition parties in Bangladesh declared Wednesday that they would boycott the upcoming general election, a move that pushed the impoverished south Asian country towards political uncertainty.
The decision to stay away from the January 22 parliamentary polls was taken at a joint meeting of a 14-party combine led by former premier Sheikh Hasina and half a dozen other groups.
The conflicts among major political parties are ruining its political stability, said leading economist Waheeduddin Mahmud.
Other analysts feared the continuing standoff could jeopardize the country's fragile democracy.
The opposition also announced a 48-hour blockade of the capital Dhaka on January 7 and 8 by party activists and supporters demanding the resignation of President Iajuddin Ahmad from his dual office of the chief executive of the caretaker government.
Ahmad was accused of helping outgoing prime minister and chief of Nationalist-Islamist alliance Khaleda Zia and demanded his resignation for ignoring his obligation to remain neutral during the election.
The announcement on boycotting the election was made by opposition supremo Hasina at a news conference.
The opposition parties also called for updating the existing voters' list before holding polls.
Gerald Ford, remembered as a humble man who healed a nation traumatized by the Watergate scandal and the Vietnam War, was buried Wednesday on a hill next to his presidential museum as the setting sun glistened on the river below. 
In an intimate service ahead of his burial in Grand Rapids, Michigan, Ford was remembered as a man who chose patriotism over politics, bipartisanship over bitterness, service over self-aggrandizement.
For myself and for our nation I want to thank my predecessor for all he did to heal our land, former president Jimmy Carter told mourners, repeating the opening line of his inaugural address.
Ford died in California on December 26, at the age of 93. 
Ford served for just 29 months as president after Richard Nixon resigned under the threat of indictment in August 1974. 
Ford, who declared upon taking office that our long national nightmare is over, is chiefly remembered for his controversial pardon for any crimes Nixon may have committed in the White House coverup of an illegal Republican spying operation against the Democratic Party in the Watergate building in 1972.
The decision sparked outrage at the time, but commentators have since said it allowed the United States to move on from the scandal.
Ford paid a heavy political price for the pardon, losing the 1976 presidential election to Carter, who promised a new era of clean politics.
While his presidency was also marred by the humiliating retreat of US troops after the fall of Saigon, Ford's tenure has been widely praised as a pivotal turning point in American history.
Because Gerald Ford was there to restore the strength of the presidency, to rebuild our defenses and to demonstrate firmness and clarity, America could again, in Lincoln's words, stand as the last best hope of Earth, Donald Rumsfeld, who served as Ford's chief of staff and secretary of defense, told mourners.
He reminded Americans of who they were and he put us on the right path when the way ahead was, at best, uncertain.
Ford served for 25 years in the US House of Representatives until Nixon asked him to be vice president after the previous vice president, Spiro Agnew, resigned over a corruption scandal.
For people who suffer from winter depression triggered largely by reduced sunlight, a bedside device that simulates the rising of the sun may provide relief, a study shows. 
Negative air ionization, also delivered at the bedside, seems to be effective as well.
Dawn simulation and negative air ionization are two naturalistic, non-pharmaceutical environmental enhancements now verified superior to placebo and remarkably effective in the treatment of winter depression, Dr. Michael Terman told Reuters Health.
In the study, dawn simulation and negative air ionization, both activated toward the end of sleep, proved to be as effective as bright light therapy after waking up -- an established treatment for winter depression, also known as seasonal affective disorder or SAD.
With bright light therapy, SAD sufferers sit at a bright light box for 30 minutes at breakfast time. Dawn simulation and negative air ionization are more convenient, being delivered automatically and innocuously during the final hours of sleep by an apparatus placed next to the bed.
In their study, Dr. Michael Terman and Dr. Jiuan Su Terman of Columbia University in New York randomly assigned 99 adults with SAD to one of five treatments: dawn simulation equivalent to that May in northern temperate latitudes; a brief dawn pulse; bright light after waking; high flow rate negative air ionization; or low flow rate ionization
Improvement was seen in 57 percent of subjects in the bright light therapy, 50 percent of those in the dawn simulation group and 48 percent in the high air ionization group. By contrast, improvement was seen in just 23 percent of those who got low ionization and in 43 percent of subjects in the sunrise pulse group.
Although the sunrise pulse treatment was therapeutically active in some patients, it led to the persistence, emergence and exacerbation of depressive symptoms, making it an unfavorable option, the Termans write.
Summing up, Michael Terman said while morning bright light therapy remains the first-line intervention for SAD, with thousands of successes and satisfied patients, dawn simulation and negative air ionization may also be considered as options.
If you think you may suffer from winter depression, Terman suggests, as a first step, completing the Personalized Inventory for Depression and SAD survey, a free and confidential online self-assessment questionnaire posted on the nonprofit website of the Center for Environmental Therapeutics, www.cet.org.
The site also includes more detailed description of light and ion therapy.
A party seen by Spain's government as the political wing of Basque guerrillas ETA said on Wednesday it was caught by surprise by Saturday's deadly car bomb, which led the government to end the country's peace process.
Rescue workers at Madrid Airport on Wednesday found the body of one of the two Ecuadorean immigrants believed to have been sleeping in their cars at the time of the blast, which injured another 19 people.
It was the first ETA attack to claim a life for more than three years and ended a nine-month ceasefire.
I don't think anyone expected an attack like the one in Madrid, Joseba Alvarez, a leading member of Batasuna, told Basque radio in a remark which some might interpret as signalling divisions within the region's independence movement.
The government broke off attempts at dialogue with ETA after the car bomb, which wrecked a multi-storey car park at the capital's international airport.
The Interior Ministry said 35-year-old Carlos Alonso Palate had been found in his car covered by a blanket.
Justice will be done, Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero said after meeting with the families of the victims on Wednesday. 
The people who committed this awful crime will be brought to justice.
Speaking to reporters, Zapatero said the airport bomb was not only a crime but was, completely useless as far as any objective the terrorist group may have.
The Spanish government sees Batasuna as ETA's political wing. 
The banned party refuses either to admit to links with the guerrillas or to condemn its attacks, in which more than 800 people have been killed in four decades of separatist struggle.
A split between Batasuna and ETA could further complicate attempts to negotiate a solution to the Basque conflict, which began in the final phase of the Franco dictatorship when the region's distinctive language and culture were suppressed.
ETA has not claimed responsibility for the attack, although the government said that one of three warning calls received in the hour before the blast claimed to be from the guerrillas.
Before the airport blast, the last ETA killings had been in May 2003 when a car bomb killed two policemen in the northern Spanish town of Sanguesa.
Batasuna had warned for months of a crisis in the peace process that Zapatero began in June.
Batasuna wants to be legalised again, as well as demanding police ease pressure on Basque nationalists and that ETA prisoners be transferred to jails closer to the Basque Country.
About one in seven Basques support Batasuna, polls show.
Five Palestinians, including a 21-year-old woman, were killed Wednesday in Gaza as simmering factional tensions boiled over in the volatile coastal strip, medics and security sources said.
The clashes were the deadliest since December 19, when president Mahmud Abbas's Fatah party and the ruling Islamist Hamas faction agreed to a ceasefire after four days of internecine violence killed 15 people and wounded dozens more in the Gaza Strip.
Late Wednesday, Palestinian sources said the two sides had agreed to restore calm in the southern town of Khan Yunis where the violence had been centered.
They agreed to free their respective hostages, including Mootaz al-Tawil, the local deputy chief of the preventative security force loyal to Fatah whose capture led to clashes in which three of the force's members were killed. 
Palestinian security sources confirmed that Tawil had been released.
Earlier, security forces had come under fire while trying to free Tawil, wounding several of them and again while trying to take the injured to hospital.
Two men were killed instantly and one died of his injuries in hospital a short while later, medics said. 
Four others were wounded in the clash, medics and security sources said.
In the northern town of Jabaliya, a member of the Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades militant group loosely affiliated with Fatah, was shot as he left his house.
Shortly afterward, clashes between Fatah and Hamas erupted in the town, wounding at least 10 people. 
A 21-year-old woman later died in hospital as a result of her wounds, medics said.
Wednesday's violence followed a series of tit-for-tat abductions in northern Gaza between Hamas and Fatah.
Tensions between the two rival factions exploded into street fighting in Gaza on December 16, when Abbas announced that he would call early presidential and parliamentary elections to resolve a months-old standoff with the ruling Islamists.
Hamas condemned the move as a coup and vowed to fight the measure.
In all, at least 21 Palestinians have been killed in the internecine violence since Abbas's call for early polls.
The moderate Palestinian president said early elections were the only way to resolve months of stalemate with Hamas over forming a government of national unity, which it is hoped will help lift a debilitating Western aid freeze.
The West, which considers Hamas a terrorist organization, suspended all direct aid to the Palestinian government after the Islamists formed a cabinet in March, demanding that the movement renounce violence and recognize Israel and past peace deals.
Talks between Fatah and Hamas over forming a coalition cabinet collapsed over Hamas's steadfast refusal to bend to Western demands and over distribution of key ministries.
Seventy-nine Indian Maoist rebels have surrendered to authorities in the insurgency-racked central Indian state of Chhattisgarh, police said Thursday.
The Maoists laid down their arms at a ceremony at police headquarters in Raipur, capital of Chhattisgarh, one of the Indian states worst hit by the leftist insurgency and home to many of India's indigenous people, or adivasis.
Chief Minister Raman Singh said the surrender late Wednesday was part of a new state government surrender policy aimed at bringing Maoists back into the political mainstream, and called it a major success in tacking the insurgency.
Some 356 people -- security personnel, civilians and Maoists -- died in 2006 in insurgency-related violence in mineral-rich Chhattisgarh, one of 15 out of India's 29 states where the rebels are active, according to official figures.
The Maoists, who say they are fighting for the rights of neglected tribes and landless farmers, have gained control of 10 of the state's 16 impoverished districts.
About 50,000 villagers have been displaced in the state, living in tent shelters as Indian counter-insurgency forces operate in the countryside.
Last year, India's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh described the Maoists as the single biggest threat to the nation's internal security.
The Iraqi government has not set a date for the execution of Saddam Hussein's two co-defendants, including his half brother, an aide to Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said on Thursday.
Barzan al-Tikriti, Saddam's half brother and former intelligence chief, and Awad al-Bander, a former chief judge, were found guilty along with Saddam of crimes against humanity in the killings of 148 Shi'ite men from Dujail in the 1980s.
Saddam was hanged on Saturday.
A Hong Kong father who punished his son by forcing him to parade naked twice in public has been ordered by a court to live in a shelter and to undergo counselling before returning to the family home, a news report said Thursday.
The 46-year-old father dealt out the punishment first when his son, aged 10, failed to do his homework and then a second time when the boy had argued and pushed over his younger brother.
He appeared in court Wednesday for sentencing after earlier pleading guilty to ill-treating a child, said the report in the Hong Kong Standard.
The court heard that on the first occasion in October 2005, the  father forced his son to march naked through the streets for 10 minutes. 
The boy's mother reported the incident to the police. 
The father pleaded guilty to child abuse at a hearing in October 2006 and was bound over to keep good behaviour for two years.
However, just weeks after his court appearance he dealt the same punishment again, dragging the naked boy from the bath and forcing him to take an elevator downstairs after a row with his 3-year-old brother.
Sentencing him on Wednesday to 18 months probation, magistrate Kwok Wai-kin told the father that, while his intentions were respectable, his parenting methods were wrong and amounted to mental abuse.
Your behaviour is completely unacceptable, said Kwok, You have severely humiliated your son. 
Suspected Tamil Tiger rebels detonated a mine in northern Sri Lanka on Thursday, killing a soldier and wounding two, the military said.
Brigadier Prasad Samarasinghe said troops were clearing a stretch of road in Vavuniya town when the blast occurred.
Fragmentation mine explosions have increased in recent weeks, as fighting intensifies between the military and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam in the east of the island.
More than 3,000 people were killed in ambushes, suicide bombings and clashes last year and international truce monitors say a 2002 ceasefire now exists only on paper.
Taliban chief Mullah Mohammad Omar has added to the mystery over Osama bin Laden, saying he had not seen his ally and fellow fugitive since U.S.-backed forces ousted the Taliban from Afghanistan in late 2001.
No, I have neither seen him, nor have I made any effort to do so, but I pray for his health and safety, Omar said in an e-mailed response to questions sent by Reuters.
The questions were relayed to Omar through his spokesman Mohammad Hanif, and a reply was received late on Wednesday.
A half-dozen audio tapes of bin Laden were circulated during the first half of 2006, but the al Qaeda leader last appeared on video tape in late 2004, while tapes of his deputy, Ayman al-Zawahri, have been issued regularly.
A video tape of bin Laden was released late last year, but it was identified as old footage, and the fifth anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks on the United States passed without any word from the al Qaeda leader.
Speculation over the whereabouts and health of bin Laden boiled over in September when a French provincial newspaper reported that he had died of typhoid in late August.
Though several governments and intelligence agencies rebutted that report, saying they had no evidence to suggest bin Laden had died, nor did they have any clue to where he was.
The wealthy Saudi-born bin Laden helped bankroll the Taliban after moving to Afghanistan in the mid-1990s, and he reportedly married one of Omar's daughters to cement their alliance.
The best guess to bin Laden's whereabouts remains somewhere on the rugged border between Pakistan and Afghanistan, in the ethnic tribal lands where Omar's Taliban counts on support to fight an insurgency against U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan and the government of President Hamid Karzai.
Relations between Pakistan and Afghanistan, both major U.S. allies in the war on terrorism, have deteriorated sharply over the past year in the wake of the bloodiest campaign mounted by the Taliban since it was ousted from power.
To mend the rift and start a political process to end the militancy, the two governments plan to organise tribal councils --known as jirgas -- on both sides of the border.
No dates have been fixed.
A Taliban spokesman last month said the group might join the jirgas if asked, but Omar rejected the proposal.
The only people who would participate are those who have sold out to foreign powers. 
Our participation is absolutely out of the question, the fugitive militant leader said.
He reiterated his call for the withdrawal of foreign troops to end conflict in Afghanistan.
Unless that happens, the war will heat further up, Omar warned.
Afghanistan says Omar is based in or around the southwest Pakistani city of Quetta. 
Pakistan says he is in Afghanistan.
At least 56 people, mostly beggars and homeless, have died during a cold snap in poor areas of northern Bangladesh this week, local officials and doctors said.
They said nearly 40 deaths were reported on Thursday alone, when the temperature dropped to 6 degrees Celsius.
Temperatures at this time of year usually hover around 8-10 degrees Celsius.
Weather officials said the cold spell, which began on Monday, was likely to continue for another week.
Thirty seven people were hurt, one seriously, after a leak of toxic chemicals from a chemical plant in northern England on Thursday, site operator BASF and emergency services said.
A spokeswoman for North East Ambulance Service said 37 people were treated at the scene for burns, skin irritations and breathing difficulties. 
Seventeen casualties were taken to three hospitals in the area, with one suffering serious burns.
The thirty seven casualties were decontaminated on site, the spokeswoman said. 
A BASF spokesman said workers on the site were admitted to hospital after a leak of hexamethylene diamine, a chemical used in the production of acrylic and nylon fibres and plastics at a plant in Seal Sands near Middlesbrough, northern England.
The German chemical company said it would launch an investigation into the incident.
Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai reiterated after meeting Pakistan's prime minister Thursday his strong objection to the neighbouring nation's plan to mine parts of their shared border.
Karzai also told reporters he was not satisfied with Pakistan's work on calling a tribal council to discuss the dragging Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan that was its bloodiest last year.
Despite Karzai's concerns, Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz told the briefing that Pakistan was continuing to explore the mining and fencing of parts of the border to stem the cross-border movement of militants striking Afghanistan.
He also announced the establishment of a committee to discuss the planned tribal councils, called jirgas.
Aziz said the two leaders also agreed to speed up the process of sending home the three million Afghan refugees in camps in Pakistan that he said insurgents attacking Afghanistan sometimes used as safehavens.
And Pakistan would increase its grant assistance to Afghanistan by 50 million dollars, he said.
Karzai called Aziz to Afghanistan for the meeting, which lasted well over two hours -- longer than expected -- with relations between the two neighbours tested by allegations that each is not doing enough to end the vicious insurgency that has killed thousands.
The president said after the meeting he was very clear that the mining of the border and fencing the border cannot prevent terrorism but it will divide the two nations.
Afghanistan also opposed the idea because of the deadly human consequences of mines, he said. 
Terrorism cannot be terminated unless we target the sources, its roots and places where they get training, Karzai said, noting an increasing gap between the Muslim neighbours.
British Prime Minister Tony Blair flew home early from a holiday in the United States on Thursday in a bid to head off the potential collapse of latest efforts to restore regional government in Northern Ireland.
The prime minister has spent a significant amount of time over the past weeks talking to the leaders of Northern Ireland and he's returning to deal with this, a Downing Street spokesman said.
Blair flew home after failing in a series of phone calls to leaders of the British-ruled province's warring political parties to resolve a stand-off over policing -- one of the last obstacles to the restoration in March of a Protestant-Catholic power-sharing assembly.
Sinn Fein, the province's largest nationalist party, indicated on Wednesday night a planned special meeting of its members to debate the issue later this month was in jeopardy because there had been no positive response from its pro-British political foe, the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP).
But DUP lawmaker Nigel Dodds said on Thursday Sinn Fein had provided nothing tangible to merit a response.
Instead of whingeing and running to Tony Blair, Sinn Fein should get on with doing what it is supposed to do, he said.
Acceptance of the police by Sinn Fein, whose largely Roman Catholic support base wants a united Ireland, would be a huge shift for a party that has long viewed the province's law and order system as biased in favour of Protestants.
The DUP refuses to sit on a Belfast-based executive with Sinn Fein, the Irish Republican Army's political ally, until it fully backs the rule of law.
The British and Irish governments, which jointly drew up the latest plans for resurrecting devolution late last year, have warned this could be the last chance for a long time to reach a political settlement in the province. 
Blair has invested much political capital in resolving Northern Ireland's problems and is keen that when he leaves office this year the outlook there should be positive.
Despite its persistent political problems, Northern Ireland has been largely peaceful since the 1998 peace deal.
At least four Palestinians were killed Thursday in a major Israel army operation in the West Bank city of Ramallah that wounded more than 20 other people, medics said.
Yussef Abdel Khader were mortally wounded in gunfire that erupted after more than a dozen jeeps and several bulldozers, backed up by two helicopters, rolled into the center of the city.
The four later died of their wounds in hospital, medics said. Three people remained in critical condition in Ramallah hospitals.
An Israeli army spokeswoman said that forces had conducted an arrest operation and detained four wanted Palestinians. 
She declined to provide other details.
The incursion came as Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert was headed to the Red Sea resort town of Sharm el-Sheikh for talks on restarting the Middle East peace process with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak.
The Palestinian Authority slammed the incursion, saying it was destroying any chances of jumpstarting the stalled peace process between Israelis and Palestinians.
We strongly condemn today's aggression in Ramallah, chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat told AFP. The Israeli side is responsible for breaking down efforts to calm the situation.
The Israeli army vehicles rolled into Ramallah's central Manara Square just before 1400 GMT, with explosions and crackling rounds of automatic gunfire rocking the city center, adorned with Christmas decorations.
In an hour-long operation, jeeps drove to and from Manara Square, as bulldozers shunted aside cars in surrounding streets and clouds of thick white, green and red smoke rose above the streets.
Youths threw stones, metal trash barrels and blocks of concrete at the Israeli army vehicles from rooftops. 
Around a dozen lobbed rocks at the back of one bulldozer before scattering with the approach of an army vehicle.
Two wounded men were rushed from the scene in the arms of colleagues. 
One man ran through the street waving a white piece of cloth. 
Israeli soldiers crouched near a vehicle, their guns raised.
Car alarms set off by the explosions added to the cacophony.
With the retreat of the Israeli army vehicles, hundreds of people spilled into Manara and surrounding streets, chanting angry slogans as darkness fell.
Meanwhile the Israeli army carried out an incursion in Doha, a suburb of Bethlehem. 
According to a Palestinian security source, one Palestinian was wounded as a result.
Thursday's deaths bring to 5,623 the number of people killed since the start of the second Palestinian uprising in September 2000, the vast majority of them Palestinians, according to an AFP count.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel met with US President George W Bush on Thursday for talks expected to focus on strengthening trans-Atlantic relations.
Bush and Merkel will likely also discuss Iran's nuclear activities, the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq. and the Middle East peace process.
Merkel, whose country in January assumed the rotating presidencies of the European Union and the Group of Eight nations, has discussed trying to reinvigorate negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.
Merkel is also seeking to build tighter economic relations between the United States and European Union.
The conservative German leader and her host were also to discuss the 37-nation NATO-led force battling insurgents in Afghanistan, as well as climate change and energy issues, both sides said.
Merkel's US visit, her third since taking office nearly 14 months ago, came after Germany assumed the six-month presidency of the European Union and the year-long leadership of the Group of Eight industrialized countries.
Germany has laid out an ambitious agenda including plans to revitalize the so-called quartet for Middle East peace comprising the EU, the United States, Russia and the United Nations at what it considers to be an auspicious time.
Asked about such a project, and whether the United States backs a quartet meeting soon, White House spokesman Tony Snow replied: It will be discussed.
One of the things that we want to do is to encourage in every way possible effective movement toward a two-state solution, he said, adding that the quartet's conditions for peace were the backbone of that effort.
Washington aims to ensure that you've got a Palestinian negotiating partner that renounces violence, that believes in meeting all treaty obligations, and acknowledges Israel's right to exist, he said.
Bush's support would be key to any fresh start for the quartet amid European complaints that Washington has neglected efforts to resolve the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians while pouring resources into Iraq.
A German foreign ministry spokesman said Wednesday that Berlin hoped to call a quartet meeting as soon as possible and had already won Russian support for the initiative.
We would like to see the quartet take on a stronger role, Merkel's spokesman, Ulrich Wilhelm, said Wednesday.
The chancellor also planned to discuss climate protection and US-European trade ties with Bush.
She told Wednesday's Financial Times that she aimed to create a single transatlantic market for investors, with common rules and standards on issues such as intellectual property and financial regulation.
We must watch out that we do not drift apart but instead come closer together, where there are clear advantages for both sides, she told the daily.
In terms of transatlantic relations, it's something that we want to continue, to build strong relations with our allies in Europe, Tony Fratto, a White House spokesman, told reporters ahead of the leaders' meeting and dinner.
As Europe's biggest economy and most populous country, Germany is facing high expectations for the dual presidencies of the EU and G8, which by coincidence fall together.
Officials from both sides have said the two leaders will also discuss Iran's disputed nuclear ambitions, instability in Lebanon and efforts to decide the final status of Kosovo.
Merkel also planned to press Bush on cutting greenhouse gases amid mounting European frustration at a US refusal to ratify the Kyoto Protocol, which runs out in 2012, or on proposing a viable alternative.
Of course we must and will talk with the Americans about the fact that they too should commit to reducing carbon dioxide (emissions), Merkel told the January issue of the political monthly Cicero.
It is a tough problem to tackle.
The EU wants to forge a common position for negotiations on the successor to the Kyoto pact by March. 
Germany would like the bloc to commit to reducing harmful emissions by 30 percent by 2020.
Snow said that Bush was very clear about his support for being able to supply energy needs in a way that's friendly to the environment and does not raise problems with global warming.
Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman on Thursday announced the dismissal of the head of the US nuclear weapons program after a series of security breaches and management problems.
Ambassador Linton Brooks, administrator of the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA), will tender his resignation to President George W. Bush and leave his post later this month, Bodman said in a statement.
During my tenure at the department, and even before, there have been a number of management issues involving the National Nuclear Security Administration, the most recent of which was a serious security breach several months ago at the Los Alamos National Laboratory, said Bodman, who has been energy chief for two years.
These management and security issues can have serious implications for the security of the United States. 
While I believe that the current NNSA management has done its best to address these concerns.
I do not believe that progress in correcting these issues has been adequate.
I have decided that it is time for new leadership at the NNSA, and I have asked for the resignation of NNSA Administrator, Linton Brooks.
Bodman said an interim administrator would be designated soon.
Investigators have identified two guards who illicitly filmed Saddam Hussein's execution, an official said on Thursday, as the Iraqi government sought to dampen growing outrage from Sunni Arabs over the unruly hanging.
The mobile phone video of Shi'ite officials taunting Saddam on the gallows has inflamed sectarian passions in a country on the brink of civil war.
Two Justice Ministry guards have been arrested. 
Other guards have identified them as having filmed the hanging, Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki's aide Sami al-Askari told Reuters.
U.S. President George W. Bush spoke to Maliki in a secure videoconference call on Thursday and agreed that investigating the recording of the execution was the right thing to do, White House spokesman Tony Snow said.
Bush, who is developing a new strategy on Iraq that could be unveiled as early as next week, spoke to Maliki about the way forward but not about his specific plan.
One option Bush is considering is a temporary increase in troops, but Snow would not say whether that was discussed in the conversation with Maliki.
They were talking about the importance of having sufficient force within Baghdad to create a stable situation within the city, Snow told reporters.
A prosecutor who attended Saddam's execution told Reuters he had seen two senior officials filming the hanging, prompting suggestions among some Iraqis that the guards might be used as scapegoats.
Interior Minister Jawad al-Bolani told a news conference, The investigation is ongoing and we have identified those who flouted the rules. 
Even for a dictator like Saddam, the law must be obeyed.
The images, which show observers yelling Go to hell and chanting the name of a radical Shi'ite cleric before Saddam falls through the trap, have sparked angry demonstrations by Saddam's fellow Sunnis, fearful of Shi'ite ascendancy. 
Moderate Sunnis say it deals a blow to Maliki's call for reconciliation.
In Ramadi, the capital of Iraq's restive western province of Anbar, U.S. commanders met tribal chief Sheikh Sattar al-Buzayi, the U.S. military said in a statement on Thursday.
They discussed action being taken by Iraqi security troops with the help of U.S.-led forces in the region, the statement said but gave no further details. 
U.S. forces conducted a string of raids in Ramadi on Wednesday and detained 23 suspects with ties to senior Al Qaeda leaders. 
Buzayi is head of the Anbar Salvation Council, an umbrella group of tribes in Anbar frustrated with al Qaeda's growing influence in the province.
Barzan al-Tikriti, one of Saddam's half-brothers and his former intelligence chief, and Awad al-Bander, a former judge, were found guilty with Saddam two months ago over the killings of 148 Shi'ite men from the town of Dujail in the 1980s. Bander presided over the court that ordered the men's deaths.
Officials have said they will take more precautions for the executions of Barzan and Bander, including checking witnesses for cameras and mobile phones.
Thousands of Sunni Arabs have marched in the Sunni heartland to vent anger at Saddam's execution, and mourners have flocked to Saddam's grave in his home village of Awja.
On Thursday, hundreds of Shi'ites marched in the southern city of Basra to support the execution in a demonstration organised by the local office of Maliki's Dawa party.
The United Nations has suspended four peacekeepers amid allegations of child sex abuse in Sudan, the Daily Telegraph reported Friday, citing anonymous UN sources.
One of the four Bangladeshis was accused of serious sexual assault on a minor and sent home, while three colleagues were repatriated for allegedly knowing of his actions but failing to act in line with policy, the paper said.
Earlier this week, the Telegraph claimed that UN staff and peacekeepers have been accused of abusing children as young as 12 in southern Sudan.
There are some 10,000 UN personnel in the area who arrived two years ago to help with reconstruction after a 23-year civil war.
The UN said Thursday it was verifying the allegations to see if they are new or already under investigation.
But a spokeswoman for new chief Ban Ki-moon stressed that the UN's policy on the issue was zero tolerance, meaning zero complacency and zero impunity.
Recent clashes between rival Palestinian Fatah and Hamas groups have brought on an agreement Friday between Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh and President Mahmoud Abbas to keep gunmen off Gaza's streets, reported Israeli media.
Haniyeh, with the radical Hamas, said after his first meeting with Abbas in two months that they have agreed to withdraw all gunmen from the streets and deploy police forces to keep law and order,  Ha'aretz newspaper reported. 
Abbas made no comment.
On Thursday, firefights broke out between forces loyal to Abbas and the Hamas government in northern Gaza, killing six people and wounding 18 others.
Similar agreements to end the inter-Palestinian violence have been quickly broken by violence.
More than 100,000 North Korean refugees are likely to flee to Japan if a crisis hits the Korean Peninsula, well beyond Japan's capacity to deal with such an influx, a Japanese newspaper reported on Friday.
The Asahi Shimbun said the government has estimated that 100,000 to 150,000 people would arrive from North Korea and has been discussing with the United States how to deal with such a situation.
Japan could only provide temporary shelter for several tens of thousands of displaced persons and would need to consider transferring them to third countries in such a case, the Asahi quoted government sources as saying.
The refugees are expected to head to southern Japan from ports on North Korea's east coast. 
The government estimate was based on the number of ships and boats North Korea is believed to have.
Japan and the United States started discussions last month on how to deal with a North Korean crisis following Pyongyang's missile and nuclear tests last year, the paper said.
Suspected Tamil Tiger rebels set off a powerful explosion aboard a bus, killing at least five people and wounding 50 others near Sri Lankan capital Colombo, defence ministry said.
A bomb ripped through the passenger bus as it travelled between Nittambuwa and Giriulla during the evening rush hour on the Colombo-Kandy highway.
The traffic police said the blast forced the temporary closure of the A1, the main road between the capital and the central provincial town of Kandy.
The bus immediately caught fire, eye witnesses said.
The bus was full of passengers at the time of the blast. 
It has still not been possible to identify the cause of the blast or the number of casualties, military spokesman Brigadier Prasad Samarasinghe said.
This is the work of the LTTE (Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam), Samarasinghe said.
Keheliya Rambukwella, the government's defence affairs spokesman and the Minister of Policy Planning, added: The historical evidence points the finger towards the Tigers for the blast.
These are signs of desperation in view of the defeats they have faced recently in the battlefield. 
He said it was too early to determine if the blast was caused by a grenade or another form of explosion.
The main hospital in Colombo was placed on alert for casualties.
We have sent 3 ambulances to the explosion site, a spokesman at the local hospital at Wathupitiwala said.
The bus attack came hours after the Tigers accused the government forces of penetrating into their area of control in the north triggering a mine.
There was no immediate response from the Tigers to the military spokesman's allegation.
Five Chinese telecommunications workers were abducted early Friday in Nigeria's oil-rich southern Niger Delta by unidentified armed men, a Chinese diplomat told AFP.
Yes it is true that the five Chinese were abducted this morning in Rivers State by armed men. 
We are trying to save them from these militants who abducted them, the diplomat who identified himself simply as Wu, told AFP by telephone.
We are asking for help from the Nigerian government. 
We have informed the Nigerian authorities about the abduction, said Wu, of the embassy's information department.
He neither gave the identities of the abducted Chinese, the telecommunications company they work for nor the circumstances surrounding the incident.
No group or individual has yet claimed responsibility for the kidnap, the first known such incident this year.
An armed group, the Movement for the Emancipation of Niger Delta (MEND), has claimed responsibility for the abduction nearly a month ago of three Italians and one Lebanese working for an Italian oil firm, Agip.
The four foreign oil workers, abducted last December 7 from southern Bayelsa State in the Niger Delta region, are still being held by MEND activists.
Unknown gunmen opened fire at worshippers leaving a mosque in the central Gaza Strip Friday afternoon, killing a local imam and injuring at least one other Palestinian, witnesses said.
The imam was initially critically injured in the shooting in the Mughazi refugee camp, but died of his wounds shortly afterwards.
It was not immediately clear who was behind the attack, but residents believed that militants of the opposition Fatah party, who have engaged in bloody street clashes with the ruling, radical Islamic Hamas movement, were behind it because the targets were Islamists.
An American and his two Iraqi interpreters were kidnapped near the southern Iraqi city of Basra Friday, Basra police chief said.
The three were kidnapped this morning from Al-Haritha area north of Basra, said Mohammed al-Mussawi.
Another police officer from Basra said the three were travelling in a black Opel car when three other cars full of gunmen ambushed them and kidnapped them.
US embassy spokesman Louis Fintor in Baghdad said the embassy was looking into these reports.
It was not immediately clear if the missing man was a security contractor.
Last month five Westerners -- four Americans and an Austrian -- were kidnapped from Basra and are still being held hostage.
The group of private security contractors was escorting a convoy in Safwan near Basra on behalf of Kuwaiti-based Crescent Security when the men were abducted by kidnappers wearing police uniforms.
The kidnappers released a video of the five earlier this week showing them to be in a healthy condition but asking for the release of all prisoners in American- and British-run prisons in Iraq.
Several Islamist and nationalist resistance groups operate in the country, along with illegal political militias, corrupt security force units and criminal gangs who kidnap hostages for ransom.
Supermodel Naomi Campbell pleaded guilty Tuesday in New York to chargers of misdemeanour assault stemming from an incident in which she hit her maid with a cell phone over a pair of missing jeans.
I threw a cell phone in the apartment. The cell phone hit Ana, Campbell, 36, told Manhattan Criminal Court Judge Robert Mandelbaum.
This was an accident because I did not intend to hit her.
The incident occurred in Campbell's New York apartment in March.
According to reports, Campbell's cell phone hit maid Ana Scolavino on the back of the head and she had to be treated for head injuries. 
In exchange for her guilty plea, Campbell must pay Scolavino's medical expenses of 363 dollars, do five days of community service and attend a two-day anger management programme.
Globe-trotting Hollywood couple Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt have moved to New Orleans and plan to send their three children to school there, Us Weekly magazine reported on Tuesday.
We love it there, Jolie was quoted as saying in confirming the move at the Golden Globe awards ceremony in Los Angeles on Monday night. 
The kids are going to go to school there. 
We're really looking forward to it.
Representatives for Pitt and Jolie could not immediately be reached for comment.
But according to the story posted on the magazine's Web site, the couple's relocation to the flood-ravaged Louisiana city is at least partly in keeping with their off-screen devotion to various humanitarian causes around the world. 
They spent Christmas Day handing out presents to Colombian war refugees in Costa Rica.
According to Us Weekly, the movie star pair moved to the Big Easy on Jan. 11 and have purchased a $3.5 million, six-bed mansion in the city's French Quarter -- the fourth house owned by the couple.
One diner at a Decatur Street restaurant told the magazine he saw Jolie quietly mixing with the locals the day after she and Pitt moved to town.
Us Weekly cites unnamed sources as saying Jolie plans on keeping a low profile in her newly adopted home town, where Pitt is currently on location shooting his latest film, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
She's interested in befriending normal moms so she can do things with the kids, one source told the magazine, adding that the couple also hopes to raise awareness for the hurricane-devastated Gulf Coast region.
They think it is important to be there right now and are already looking to get more involved in local charity work, the source said. 
According to Us Weekly, construction is set to start this month on 20 environment-friendly homes Pitt has jointly commissioned with the group Global Green USA.
Pitt, currently starring in the globe-spanning drama Babel, and Jolie, an Oscar winner for her role in Girl, Interrupted, co-starred as married assassins hired to kill each other in the film Mr. and Mrs. Smith. 
According to Jolie, they began a romantic relationship after Pitt's marriage to Jennifer Aniston broke up in early 2005.
Jolie has said they have no plans to marry but are committed to raising their three children together.
Jolie adopted 5-year-old son Maddox from Cambodia in 2002 and 2-year-old daughter, Zahara, from Ethiopia, in 2005. 
She gave birth last year in Namibia to her first biological child, a daughter fathered by Pitt they named Shiloh. 
Pitt has also become the adoptive father of Maddox and Zahara.
A Colombian drug ring that smuggled $7.5 million of cocaine and heroin into the United States was shut down on Tuesday with the arrest of 117 of its suspected members, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration said.
Among the cache seized by drug agents was 55 kilograms of heroin, 173 kilograms of cocaine, $260,000 in cash, 12 vehicles and nine weapons, said John Gilbride, special agent for the DEA's New York office.
A federal grand jury in Manhattan has charged 10 of the suspects, including alleged ringleader Ismael Jimenez-Sanchez, a Colombian citizen, with conspiracy to import heroin, U.S. Attorney Michael Garcia said.
If convicted, each faces life in prison and a $4 million fine, Garcia said.
The ring, based in Pereira, Colombia, trafficked the drugs through South America and the Caribbean to the eastern United States, where the drugs were distributed throughout New York, Baltimore and Detroit, Gilbride said.
The ring's couriers used various smuggling methods, including swallowing heroin pellets on commercial flights to New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport and stashing the drug in the soles of their shoes, he said.
A Dutch oil worker and a Nigerian serviceman were killed on Tuesday when armed men attacked a small ferry near a huge Nigerian oil and gas export complex, industry sources said.
Militants attacked a Hyundai company boat in transit from Port Harcourt to Bonny Island, one navy rating and one Dutch expat were killed, one of the sources said, asking not to be named.
A spokesman at the Dutch foreign ministry said. 
We are aware of an incident and there was some Dutch involvement, but cannot confirm whether there were any Dutch casualties.
We are looking into the matter, he added.
A Dutch diplomat in Nigeria said he was not able to comment.
There were conflicting reports of the attack on the boat operated by the South Korean conglomerate.
Two industry sources put the number of dead at four, while another said two were killed and four injured in the attack near the Bonny Island oil and gas complex in Rivers state.
One of them said four people were being treated for gunshot wounds at an oil industry clinic in Bonny Island, a huge industrial complex which exports 400,000 barrels a day of oil and about 20 million tonnes per year of liquefied natural gas.
A local police spokesman said he was not aware of the incident.
The attack comes amid a spiralling communal conflict at a nearby community in Rivers State where 12 people were killed on Sunday. It is the latest example of an intensifying wave of violence across Nigeria's southern oil delta.
The industry sources said the boat ferry was only operating because poor visibility caused by seasonal dust clouds had grounded helicopters.
Rivers State is in the eastern side of the Niger Delta, a vast wetlands region which contains all of Nigeria's petroleum resources.
Oil multinationals have pulled out thousands of workers from the western side of the delta since a wave of militant attacks last February, cutting output in the world's eighth largest oil exporter by a fifth.
Last month multinationals evacuated hundreds of workers' dependants from the eastern delta after two car bombings in oil company compounds.
Dozens of foreign oil workers were kidnapped last year by armed groups seeking ransoms, by communities seeking greater benefits from oil companies, and by militants fighting for more autonomy for the impoverished delta.
Eight foreign oil workers are currently being held by two different groups. 
Many analysts expect the problems to worsen as political turf wars escalate in the runup to general elections in April.
Unidentified gunmen murdered Guatemala's main port union chief in front of his two young children, police said on Tuesday.
Several men carrying 9-mm guns shot union boss Pedro Zamora as he drove home to Escuintla, two hours south of the capital late Monday night, police spokeswoman Olimpia Pineda said. Two of Zamora's children, aged 3 and 5, were in the car at the time of the attack.
Zamora's 3-year-old son was injured in the shooting, Pineda said. 
The motive for the murder is unknown, she said.
Zamora (43) led the 500-member union at Puerto Quetzal, the country's main port, for eight years and had received death threats.
Union organizers were often targeted as leftist guerrilla sympathizers and murdered during the Guatemala's 36-year civil war, which ended a decade ago and left a quarter million people dead or missing.
Political violence against labor leaders has decreased in recent years, but many leftist groups regularly receive death threats.
This is the second time one of our members has been attacked, union secretary Lazaro Reyes told Reuters. 
Another union leader was shot in the chest six months ago and survived. 
That case has not been solved.
It's hard to work under these circumstances, you don't know what could happen next, Reyes said.
Labor rights groups said the port was negotiating a new labor contract with the union when Zamora was killed.
Guatemala is a major transshipment point for Colombian cocaine moving to the United States and sees hundreds of drug gang-style executions every year.
Beluga whales were once so thick in the waters along Alaska's biggest city that boaters had to take care to avoid bumping them.
But now Cook Inlet's population of small white whales, beloved by locals and tourists, may be headed for extinction, according to a report from government biologists last week. 
A new count by the National Marine Fisheries Service puts the Beluga whale population at 302, less than half the number in 1994 and well below the 1,000 to 2,000 believed to have been swimming in earlier years in the glacier-fed channel that runs from Anchorage to the Gulf of Alaska.
There's basically a one in four chance that this population is going to become extinct in 100 years, said Bruce Smith, a National Marine Fisheries Service biologist studying the belugas.
The Cook Inlet belugas, a genetically distinct population already listed as a depleted and meriting special management under the Marine Mammal Protection Act, are candidates for new safeguards under the Endangered Species Act.
Biologists say the reason for the precipitous decline since the 1990s was simple -- overharvesting by the area's Alaska Natives, mostly Athabascan Indians, who are entitled by law to pursue their traditional whale hunts.
Native groups agreed to curb hunting until stocks return to higher levels, but that does not appear to be helping the whales recover, according to Smith.
Environmentalists say it should be no surprise that Belugas are faltering in Alaska's most industrialized waterway.
Oil drilling, associated bustle and noise, vessel-traffic pressures from thriving cargo-shipping and commercial fishing activities, sewage and storm water runoff from Alaska's most densely populated region and other industrial factors are likely hurting the Belugas, according to environmentalists.
Particular scrutiny should focus on the oil and gas industry, with its constant marine disposal of wastewater and its reliance on loud seismic surveys that disrupt the underwater whale communications, said Bob Shavelson, executive director of the environmental group Cook Inletkeeper.
Everybody said, 'OK, it was the hunting.' 
Oil and gas industry representatives fear new restrictions will unfairly burden them.
There's a lot of interest in being able to use the inlet the way it's been used by the people, bringing all the groceries in and all the cars in as well as the oil and gas, and still protect the belugas at the same time, said Judy Brady, a former state natural resources commissioner who heads the Alaska Oil and Gas Association.
Smith said it may be the nonpollution factors, such as noise, inadvertent harassment, large-scale beach strandings, disease outbreaks and the occasional predation by killer whales that are keeping the beluga population low.
Those factors might have been easily absorbed in the past, but not anymore.
It could be now that the population is reduced to the point where some threats and impacts that weren't threatening to the whole stock, now are, he said.
An Argentine judge on Tuesday issued a second arrest warrant for former President Maria Estela Martinez de Peron, the leader more commonly known as Isabel Peron, for her alleged involvement with a right-wing death squad.
Isabel Peron was briefly detained on Friday by Spanish police in Madrid in a different case involving the disappearance of a student activist in the 1970s. 
A judge later granted her provisional release pending an extradition request from Argentina.
On Tuesday, Argentine Federal Judge Norberto Oyarbide ordered her arrest in the country or abroad, in connection with her alleged involvement with the Argentine Anti-Communist Alliance, a right-wing death squad known as the Triple A.
The group was founded by a government minister during Peron's time as president, and is allegedly responsible for the deaths of 1,500 people.
Isabel or Isabelita Peron, 75, has lived in Madrid since 1981. 
She was sworn in as president in 1974 after the death of her husband, three-time president Juan Peron.
Her government was overthrown by a military coup in 1976, and systematic crimes during that regime that ended in 1983 killed up to 30,000 thousand people.
For the first time, a majority of American women are living without a spouse, The New York Times reported Tuesday.
The daily, which based its report on an analysis of census results, said 51 percent of women in 2005 reported living without a spouse, up from 35 percent in 1950 and 49 percent in 2000.
Coupled with the fact that in 2005 married couples became a minority of all American households for the first time, the trend could ultimately shape social and workplace policies, including the ways government and employers distribute benefits, the newspaper said.
It said that several factors are behind the shift including women marrying at a later age and living with partners for more often and for longer periods. 
Women are also living longer as widows and once divorced, often opt to stay single, the report said.
According to the Census figures, only about 30 percent of black women are living with a spouse, compared with 49 percent of Hispanic women, 55 percent of non-Hispanic white women and more than 60 percent of Asian women.
North Korea defended its shock nuclear weapons  test Wednesday as the only way to avert a war as its chief negotiator met with  his US counterpart to discuss resuming multi-party disarmament talks.
US envoy Christopher Hill held a rare meeting Tuesday with the North's Kim Kye-gwan at the US embassy in Berlin and, although there was no breakthrough, officials said it set the pace for a resumption of full six-party talks.
The Berlin meeting should lay a good groundwork for an agreement on what initial steps to take to implement the September 19 statement, South Korea's foreign minister Song Min-Soon said, referring to a 2005 accord offering the North security and economic aid guarantees in return for disarmament.
Rodong Sinmun, North Korea's ruling party paper, said the October 9 test, the regime's first atomic weapons detonation ever, was in self-defence.
There is no doubt that a war would have broken out... if (North Korea) had failed last year to shatter the moves of the US imperialists to provoke a war against it with its strong self-defensive deterrent, it said.
It accused the United States of still whetting the sword of aggression against North Korea under the disguise of seeking peaceful dialogue.
The test triggered global outrage and UN sanctions, and in December senior negotiators from the six nations in the talks -- the two Koreas, China, Japan, Russia and the United States -- met for five days in Beijing.
No progress was reported as North Korea refused substantiative discussions about nuclear disarmament in protest at separate US financial sanctions.
Bilateral US-North Korean talks on the financial sanctions, notably on a Macau bank accused of illicit dealings on behalf of Pyongyang, are to resume next week.
No date has been fixed for the next round of full six-party negotiations, however.
Song urged Pyongyang to initiate the process of dismantling its nuclear programmes to enable others to take corresponding steps in return.
In December's talks in Beijing, the United States reportedly demanded that North Korea report all of its nuclear facilities and programme and accept UN atomic agency inspectors.
The United States was also said to have demanded the closure of the North's plutonium-producing reactor in Yongbyon and its nuclear test site.
Two U.S. soldiers have been killed in western Iraq, the U.S. military said on Wednesday.
One of the soldiers died on Monday, the other on Wednesday, a U.S. statement said, adding that they died from wounds sustained in combat in the restive western province of Anbar.
More than 3,000 U.S. soldiers have died since the start of the U.S. invasion in March 2003, causing mounting concern among the U.S. public about the war.     
U.S. President George W. Bush said this month he planned to send an extra 21,500 U.S. troops to Iraq to help stabilise the country, despite opinion polls showing most Americans oppose sending more troops.
Former Iraqi vice president Taha Yassin Ramadan will be sentenced to death within five weeks, it was reported Wednesday.
The Iraqi appeals court will hold a session January 25 to announce the death penalty verdict, Iraqi General Persecutor Jaafar al-Musawi told pan-Arab al-Hayat newspaper.
Ramadan will be sentenced to death for his involvement in the 1982 killing of 148 Shiites in Dujail following a failed attempt on the life of former dictator Saddam Hussein.
Saddam and two of his former aides have already sentenced to death and hanged for their roles in the killings.
An appeal is mandatory according to the Iraqi law.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Wednesday described the Holocaust as a pretext for the creation of Israel in a Western attempt to dominate the region.
Ahmadinejad made the comments in an interview published by the Spanish daily El Mundo, which met the president during his visit to the Nicaraguan capital Managua.
Ahmadinejad said researchers were not allowed to ask questions about the Holocaust. 
If it really existed, where did it take place, he queried, asking what the Palestinians had to do with it.
Ahmadinejad called the Holocaust a pretext for the establishment of the dictatorial, totalitarian Israeli regime which was created essentially to threaten other nations.
Western countries had imposed the Zionist regime on the region to promote their economic and political interests, Ahmadinejad charged.
But Israel will never dare attack Iran, neither they nor their masters, he added.
Ahmadinejad also accused the United States and Britain of favouring insecurity in Iraq and of seeking to divide its population along religious lines. dpa st sc
An Afghan army vehicle struck a remote-controlled bomb in eastern Afghanistan Wednesday, killing three soldiers and wounding four others, an official said.
The Afghan National Army vehicle struck the bomb in the province of Khost, which adjoins the border with Pakistan, army General Sami Ul Haq said.
The general did not say who planted the bomb, but similar explosions have been blamed on the Taliban, which carries out regular attacks on Afghan and foreign soldiers.
Khost saw a surge in Taliban-linked attacks in the past year, which was the worst since the insurgency was launched after the hardliners were forced out of government in a US-led operation in 2001.
A 27-year-old Egyptian woman tested positive for the deadly H5N1 bird flu virus, a World Health Organisation official said on Wednesday.
The virus has claimed 10 lives in Egypt while eight other positive cases recovered since it first surfaced in Egyptian poultry in February.
Unfortunately, yes there is a new case, said Hassan el-Bushra, regional adviser for communicable diseases surveillance for the World Health Organisation.
He told Reuters tests carried out by Egyptian authorities were positive for the H5N1 virus and he was awaiting the results of a second set of tests.
The official Middle East News Agency (MENA) identified the woman as Warda Eid Ahmed from the province of Beni Suef south of the capital Cairo.
The agency quoted an Egyptian Health Ministry official as saying she has been hospitalised since Jan. 13 with a serious pulmonary inflammation.
Bombers hit the Iraqi capital's volatile Shiite district of Sadr City on Wednesday, killing 15 people, a day after scores of students and teachers were slaughtered in attacks at a nearby university.
A car bomb ripped through a crowded marketplace in Sadr City, a politically sensitive, impoverished district of Shiite zealots, leaving 15 dead and 33 wounded, a security official said.
The area is a regular target for Sunni extremists in the bitter sectarian conflict plaguing the capital.
Iraq's deadliest bomb attack to date also occurred in Sadr City -- home to thousands of young followers of radical Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr -- last November when 202 people were killed.
Wednesday's attack came a day after 70 people were killed and 138 wounded in a twin bombing outside the renowned Mustansiriyah University which lies near the Shiite stronghold.
Shocked and angry students staged a protest Wednesday in the central Karada district against the university bombing.
Some waved banners in protest against the deadliest attack in the war-torn country this year, while others shouted slogans demanding greater security.
Police sealed off the Mustansiriyah campus and the education ministry ordered three days of mourning and told institutions to hold prayers for the victims.
Dozens of Iraqis donated blood for wounded survivors of the attack, and Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki promised stern action against criminal gangs.
We will clean Baghdad from terrorists and outlaws, he told a gathering of foreign ambassadors based in Baghdad, vowing that security forces would track down the death squads.
Many in the violence-wracked capital had expected a major attack following the botched execution on December 30 of Saddam Hussein, who was taunted by a guard, allegedly a Shiite, in his final moments.
Sunni sentiment was hurt further by the hanging on Monday of two Saddam aides, including the ousted president's half-brother, during which one was decapitated.
Greek protestors burned several cars in central Athens and battled riot police outside the city's Polytechnic University during a student protest against a government draft bill to reform higher education Wednesday, local media reports said.
The protestors caused damage but no injuries when they threw cocktail bombs at five cars parked along the route of a student demonstration through central Athens.
The cars included a diplomatic car belonging to the Embassy of Bosnia-Herzegovina. 
A cafeteria was also reportedly set on fire.
Clashes were also reported for several hours outside the Polytechnic University between riot police firing tear gas and hooded rebels hurling cocktail bombs, stones, sticks and rocks.
Earlier, riot police fired teargas at hundreds of demonstrators who attempted to break through a police barricade in front of parliament to protest against a government draft bill to reform higher education and allow the operation of private universities.
Last week, thousands of teachers and public servants participated in a one-day strike in support of the students which forced the closure of state schools, universities, government offices, tax offices and state banks.
Private tertiary education institutions are banned from operating in Greece and the conservative government believes the new law, allowing for the operation of private universities, would lead to greater competitiveness and higher educational standards.
Teachers, students and union leaders insist the government should upgrade free public education instead and fear the move could lead to higher education costs and lower teaching standards.
Educators accuse the government of failing to keep one of its main pre-election promises of hiking education funding to 5 per cent of GDP from a current 3.5 per cent.
Three foreigners, including a US national, a Croatian and a Hungarian, were killed Wednesday in a western Baghdad ambush that also took the life of a private Iraqi guard, a US aid organisation said.
The US citizen, a woman, worked for the National Democratic Institute, a non-governmental organisation that provides support for political parties in Iraq, said Leslie Campbell, NDI regional director for the Middle East who spoke from Washington.
A convoy of NDI employees protected by an international security company was attacked this morning in Baghdad. 
Four people were killed, among them was one American citizen from NDI, Campbell told AFP.
It was a very serious attack, Campbell said, adding that only two bodies had been recovered and the killed NDI employee was a woman.
He did not say whether the body of the woman was one of those recovered.
A US embassy official said the embassy was aware of an incident and was trying to determine the facts.
The victims, whose identities were not disclosed, had just left the headquarters of the Islamic Party, the leading Sunni Arab political bloc in the Yarmuk district of Baghdad, two other sources said.
The Croatian, Hungarian and Iraqi were guards working for the Australian security agency URG, Campbell and a security source said.
The security source said six Iraqi guards had been killed when gunmen opened fire from several rooftop positions, but Campbell could not provide confirmation.
Several vehicles were set on fire, and some of the victims died amid the blaze, the source said.
For the second time in 18 months, the secret service in the oil-rich republic of Azerbaijan on the Caspian Sea has foiled an alleged coup plot, Interfax news agency reported Wednesday, citing a source within the secret service.