Zahir International has produced 10 softwares, consisting of 8 accountancy softwares, 1 point of sale software, and 1 web-access based software, and the selling price is between Rp. 1 - 15 millions.
Yuniarti wishes the batik industries developing in his area be promoted in the internet.
Your hands that hold these pages are functional as no robot hands could ever be.
Your eyes that read these lines are making vision possible with such focus that the best camera on earth simply cannot achieve.
Young ice melts down faster than old ice.
Young ice is very fragile and might melt higher than eternal ice formed for years.
Young Darwin was heavily influenced by the diversity of species he observed, especially of the different Galapagos Island finches.
you would definitely say, there are some ants above and below the leaf.
You will never know that your laptop is free from stealing.
You should be able to control not only chairs, but also your own life.
You most probably would not succeed, but the plant does.
You may believe or not, but this is the first refrigerator in the world that has i-Pod.
You do not need to worry anymore, because the risks of the laughing gas use can be overcame with technology advancement.
You could send the data to France, Argenitine, Mexico, and Italy connected it
You can set so your oven can cook certain cake by visually selecting a recipe and clicking the start button.
You can set several picture explanations by uploading files separately.
You can have a complete control of the environment only by moving your tongue, said Maysam Ghovanloo, who chaired this project.
You can either subscribe to the story or not there are no alternatives.
You are the real champion because manage to defeat Vietnam which is the 2 times world champion.
Yhose ships would arrive at the damage cable location today or tomorrow.
Yet,the US hasn?t  yet done real act so much
Yet, flies have been using the zip system, for the hundreds of thousands of years since they were created, to lock their lower lips.
Yet, experiments have shown that this theory is incorrect.
Yet, during the evolution process, feathers replaced the thick skins of these ancient birds, which were originally covered with scales.
Yet, by accurate and interesting ways, we are still able to introduce the black hole and extra dimension
Yet, as soon as it lifts its fin, a fake fish appears on its back.
Yet these pepsis are protected against the poison of the tarantula by possession of a special antidote
Yet these fish are not transitional forms.
Yet there was no trace of these theoretical creatures in the fossil record.
Yet there was a serious problem.
yet there is not even one fossil that is midway between them.
yet the pigeons could still find their way even if left some kilometres away from their flocks.
Yet the oldest known reptile species, Hylonomus and Paleothyris, were found in lower Pennsylvanian layers, making them some 315-330 million years old.
Yet one question remained unanswered
Yet hormon is produced by almost all organ system and tissue in animal body.
Yet both of these theories rest upon speculative interpretations, and there is no evidence to support either of them.
Yes, at least to become the try out of the effective therapy.
Yeast is recognized as common material used in fermentation to produce ethanol in beer, wine and other alcoholic drinks.
Yahoo planned to put internet on TV
Yahoo and Intel also claimed that they had collaborated with TV producers and software developers.
Yahoo also planned to make viewers possible to access videos available in internet so that they including consumers, TV producers, advertisement agencies, and publishers would get advantages from it.
XL, together with a domestic product StarTech ST-21, also issued cheap cellular phones which costs Rp199,000 each
XL was satisfied with the result of the 2007 fourth quarter in which the company earning increased by 20% compared to the result of the third quarter of the same year.
XL is also a local front runner in adopting Microsoft technology in order to increase communication effectiveness and decrease Total.
XL has just introduced a bundling program with a cheap handset StarTech ST21, a domestically designed cellular phone set.
XL also built more than 11,000 BTS around the motherland.
Xantine that is processed further can cause uric acid.
Wu has white controller with different shapes depending the game played.
Write the result from the ALU back to a memory location or to a register or perhaps an output device.
WP grenades explode and spread white phosphorous smoke to all direction, the phosphor is then burnt when it comes into contact with the air, producing bright yellow flames, and lots of white smokes phosphorus pentaoxide.
Would you believe that this communication of a brief moment has a long story.
Worn or damaged large feathers are renewed immediately.
World War II saw fast development of tanks.
World music, the frequency lay open the tone
Worker termites in Africa and South America utilise a similar method.
Worker bees also need to know how far they have to travel to collect the ingredients for the honey.
Woodpeckers feed on insects and larva, laid inside tree trunks that they uncover by pecking.
Without underestimating the fund for war, the budget for science diplomacy is able to improve cooperation intergovernments in the worldwide in order to tighten a mutual beneficial relationship
Without ice coverage, polar bear must swim far away to get its food.
Without going into too much detail, let us discover the basic features of the social life of bees.
Without being long in dispute, NFU soon took a real move for working out this problem
Without anybody being aware, often digital security is seen as something unimportant, thus easily ignored by everybody, including those responsible for guarding the information technology system in companies.
Within the signal source, either as an integral section or a modular component, there is a display adapter to generate video in a format compatible with the monitor.
Within software engineering, programming the implementation is regarded as one phase in a software development process.
Within a few days, the offspring of the pepsis pops out of the egg.
With tjhis technology, the service is certained will be able to give assurance quarantee to customers
With time HTML was improved, so the web sites of the second stage were more professional and oversaturated with colored graphics, numerous icons and bullets.
With Thrifty Speedy Package newly launched, Speedy customers can access internet with the speed up to one megabyte and payment only Rp. 75 thousand/month with quota 15 hours.
With thousands of examples of harmful mutations readily available, surely it should be possible to describe some positive mutations if macroevolution is true.
With this system, the animal can live up to three weeks without water.
With this style, news can be reported almost instantly and renewed with further detail.
With this module, all prospect about customers can be monitored from anywhere and the recorded data will never disappear although a salesmen resigns.
With this invention, the creation of lubricating oil seems not to need natural gas anymore.
With this freedom concept, everybody is free to sell free software, to use it commercially and to take profit from distribution and modification of its source code.
With this biotechnology, we can improve diagnose, therapy, and, disease monitor.
With this array of human diseases that are caused by mutations, what of positive effects.
With their thick wool, camels in Asia can survive temperatures up to +50oC in summer and down to -50oC in winter.
With the service, Flexi user can do financial transaction using his/her cell phone.
With the plan, internet provider service will start to restrict to access free porn items and proper items for house and school.  
With the methods of reflection given in the Qur'an, he who has faith in Allah will better perceive Allah?s perfection, eternal wisdom, knowledge and power in His creation.
With the maximum height of more than 15.240 meters, the aircraft is able to serve four space flights in a day.
With the help of this device, antibiotics and vaccines can be mass-producedd.
With the help of these vibrations, they not only detect obstacles in their way but also.
With the help of genetic engineering on tissue culture and DNA recombinants, plants can be produced  having excellent characteristics and products characterized by ample nutrients
With the free cell phone, people can report criminal acts to police freely.
With the exception of  the control system, it is considered that there is very little difference between .... them?.  catatan penerjemah: tampaknya ada komponen kalimat/kata yang hilang setelah kata ?antara? pada kalimat sumber
With the evolution of the Internet, personal computers are becoming as common as the television and the telephone in the household.
With the equipment, Nagle was able to move computer cursor to open e mail, a simple play game, and order robotic arm to take or to move the object.
With the coming of autumn, the situation changes.
With the accelerative effect of a special catalyst secreted from the walls of the explosion chamber, the mixture turns into a horrible chemical weapon at 100C.
With that power, the ultra thin battery was able to run a little fan or to switch on the light
With technology development, especially on production cost, solar energy can compete with fossil energy.
With research some one genome, police is able to identify the person.
With ratooning system, paddy can be harvested three times.
With pictures the information coverage can be further.
With other alkali metals, rubidium forms amalgam with mercury and mixture of metal and gold, cesium and kalium.
With only Rp49,000 per month, subscribers can enjoy internet access up to 350 MB, or 1 GB for Rp99,000 per month.
With mixture of 10% nanosilica material, concrete strength increases by twofolds.
With its huge and curved nose mucus, camels can hold 66% of the moisture in the air.
With its fertile nature, various plants, and food tradition with full of mace, the Indonesian people could possibly apply it.
With his two friends, he succeeded in changing citrus peels into plastic.
With his background, Fedoroff is able to carry out the hard tasks
With gimmick of advertisement share, Mozilla installs Google searching machine on the official page.
With FlexiCash, public will be easy to do banking transaction, and transaction with merchant, said the Principal Director of Telkom, Rinaldi Firmansyah at the launching in Jakarta.
With exceptions of correctly aligned video projectors and stacked LEDs, most display technologies, especially LCD, have an inherent misregistration of the color channels, that is, the centers of the red, green, and blue dots do not line up perfectly.
With encapsulated islet cell, a layer will form around the islet cell which is capable of becoming an artificial pancreas.
With biotechnology, cells of cancer disease able to detect since first stage so the handling can be quick and probably to be cured by biopsy and chemotherapy.
With all of these, surely the new PSP will loss active battery period up 20 - 30 minutes compared to the old PSP, which means the battery use only last 3.5 - 4 hours.
With aerial photography system, all Indonesian territory can be mapped instantly.
With additional fund the scientist hoped to be able to send a smaller dimension robot to Europe in the next twenty years.
With a population of the biggest four in the world, Indonesia?s position in software industries is far behind China, the US and India.
With 42 skillful staffs in Information Technology, they control all Information Technology needs for the whole group of the company, and even control data center in Australia from Jakarta.
Wireless networking, often utilizing mobile phone networks, has meant networking is becoming increasingly ubiquitous even in mobile computing environments.
Winston said, some swine in the experiments succeeded in producing sperms that experiencing genetic transformation.
Wings are formed aerodynamically, and the metabolism is in tune with the bird's need for high levels of energy.
Window glass has been mentioned since 1920.
WiMAX presents as solution to limited access to Wi-Fi, which is designed for indoor use.
Will Indonesian book devotees later change to e-books when they read their favourite books?  According to Production Director of Ufuk Publisher, Baqar Bilfagih, it is doubted that this would happen.
Will be developed low price computer, energy efficient laptop, cellular phone and other electronic equipments that can be read under the sun.
Wii is designed with limited buttons to ease player to remember.
Widget on the television was a mini computer program which made viewers possible to send messages to others, to access video via internet or to look for intended products.
Wicked trick performed during 2004 to 2006 election were veri various but still used traditional ways
Why, if species have descended from other species by fine gradations, do we not everywhere see innumerable transitional forms.
Why should be shame, every body that does not like Polri could do so, he said.
Why not, players as if to have super power like God, in this regard to create living creatures.
Why Natural Selection Cannot Explain Complexity.
Why it embarks on such a difficult task to protect the eggs is another question.
Why is not all nature in confusion, instead of the species being, as we see them, well defined.
Why is it so useful to the human body.
Why do the penguins lay eggs in winter, and not in summer.
Why do most people have the impression that there is a positive connection between Darwin's theory and the fossil record whenever the latter is mentioned.
Why do all fruits contain essential vitamins appropriate to the seasons in which they grow.
Why are they so tasty and not bitter.
Why are they so fragrant and do not stink.
Why and how birds started to migrate and what made them take the decision of migration have long been topics of interest.
Whose lengths sometimes exceed 6,6 feet 2 metres, live in the Amazon.
Who is the Creator of everything in the heavens and on the earth.
who arranges the development of the egg according to the conditions outside.
White phosphorous is also used as filler for burner grenade, which burns at the temperature of 2760 degrees Celcius.
While, to use FlexiCash, customers only to register
While, the donor had been claimed dead before he donored his both arms.
While, the amount of money that can be generated from reseach on taxonomy, a discipline of sciences which specifically classifies organisms into certain groups on the basis of their structures, behaviours, and their origins, is clearly by far less than the sum of money that can be generated from research on other disciplines.
While, internet connection in some countries, including Indonesia, fanctioned step by step even hadn?t delivered all capacities as before.
While, at that time, the heart actually needs more blood in order that the body gets sufficient energy to do the tiring activity.
While working, worker bees hang onto each other in circles and congregate together in bunches.
While with the use of tongue, commands can be given for movements to any direction.
While with RFID active cards, the radio frequencies transmitted may go as far as 500 meters so that this system is much used for automatic toll road fee payment, in which the drivers do not need to open their windows.
While waiting, people were asked to propose names for the baby panda.
While waiting, it kicks its feet in the water in order to increase oxygen flow through the membranes of the eggs.
While untill the end of August 2008 there were 500 thausands of customers in Indonesia.
While traveling taking laptop, use backpack which is not too flashy, so people won?t be aware if the content is a laptop.
While they have the same volume, the amount of wax required for hexagonal cells is less than the amount of wax required for a triangular or quadrangular one.
While there are accepted world standards of form factors for all the peripherals and add in PC cards used in the desktop computers.
While the title of the most promising new comer was conferred to Myanmar and the title of honorary team was given to Indonesia.
While the technologies used in computers have changed dramatically since the first electronic, general purpose computers of the 1940s, most still use the von Neumann architecture.
While the system used by Georgia Tech uses 3 milimeters-wide sheets of magnets placed on the tip of the tongue.
While the sales module has not been started as Astra has already had a standard selling system of its own.
While the palace itself has not been found, said the Head of Ancient Artefact Conservation.
While the other winner, PT Sentra Solusi Integrasi, developed an application of wireless based inventory management.
While the other sensor focused on the internal function of the robot, and on the monitoring of the hidrolic pressures, oil temperature, machine, and batteries.
While the other always chaw 20 bubble gums every day added 200 gram of candy
While the offline system uses radio frequency identification device or RFID chips, in the form of cards or only in stickers.
While the milk the offspring suckles as soon as it reaches the nipple in the pouch is transparent and colourless, it increasingly turns whiter and starts to look like real milk.
While the human cannot even understand the working mechanism of systems that enable him to see, hear and think, the infinite wisdom and power of God Who created all these from nothing is apparently obvious.
While the HSDPA data service could reach the speed above 1 megabyte per second or at the most, 3.5Mbps. the CDMA network could provide services up to 153,6 kilobyte per second.
While the green woodpecker drills for a nest, the working speed of its beak can exceed 62 mph 100 km/h.
While the costs for general election?s information system would decrease from Rp 280 trillion down to Rp 275 trillion in 2009.
While the average traffic of outgoing calls was 380 millions a day.
While the aother was a 46  years old man which lost 22 kg weight
While Taiwan telecommunication operator, Chuang hwa telecom had sent 3 rent ships to be repair four optical line.
While some are warriors, some are patrolling termites and yet others are suicide commandos.
While soaring on the air currents, the albatross frequently turns and heads into the wind and swiftly rises higher.
While seismic symphony method which was known as data sonification technique added as a new measurement way
While one hemisphere sleeps, the dolphin uses the other to surface for air.
While one group of muscles pull up a pair of wings by contracting, the other muscle group opens the other pair by reflexing.
While on the surface of thing which is covered  with PEI, there only four bacteria colonies.
While moving towards the origin of the food, it inevitably touches the seemingly harmless hair over the plant.
While most of population are fasting and celebrating the Festive Days of Moslems, at the same time telecommunication operators share delicious ?Lebaran Cake? in form of big earnings.
While most business websites serve as a shop window for existing brick and mortar businesses.
While Methanococcoides burtonii was chosen because they could live without oxygen..
While many early plasma and liquid crystal displays have exclusively analog connections, all signals in such monitors pass through a completely digital section prior to display.
While loss from this reactor is gas lost often at dome shares it?s caused of permanence construction
While local soybean, which its seed in small size was assumed had low quality, so unmarketable in stores
While Lintasarta provides the telecommunication network infrastructure to Ambhara and from Ambhara to Bank Mandiri.
While it?s lost is expanse of construction material from costlier drum.
While it is possible to write computer programs as long lists of numbers and this technique was used with many early computers, it is extremely tedious to do so in practice, especially for complicated programs.
While in reptiles, the development of legs tends to grow from the enlargement of their body before grew vertically.
While in practice, the high speed of a tank can only be utilized for a while before it undergoes mechanical damage.
While in Paris was found dinosaurs fossils which was called The King Rat as weight as 1 ton
While in Japan or in other developed countries, or even in the Philippines and South Africa, the use of digital money has become a commonplace.
while in flue virus, polymer is probably netralizer cover part, membrant cavering the on test virus layer
While in Canberra was reported that dinosaurs fossil and eggs was about 100 million years ago from China, then it was stolen and was brought to Australia, at last, on last Tuesday, January 15th, 2008, it was returned again to Beijing
While imported soybean had potentially passed a long storage phase before arriving in Indonesian market
While Hoxb1 played the role on nerve cells progress which control face expressions, so the mouse which born without this gene would have paralysis and could not blink its eyes, shake its mouthache, or pull its ear
While forming his design, he of course reviews and takes precedent examples as models.
While EDI is use to exchange the bussines data by computer that purpose to reduce the duplicate document and improve tha speed and accurateinformation
While drilling with its snout, it also feeds on the fruit inside the acorn.
While doing this, he must relieve himself of all constraints and prejudices.
While developing the software for a simulator, which can range from embedded avionics devices to 3D terrain databases to full motion control systems, the engineer keeps a notebook detailing the development lifecycle of the project.
While Darwin himself accepted the lack of fossils of intermediate species, he also predicted that further research would provide evidence of these lost transitional forms.
While coal producing areas could utilize the wastes of coal to make methanol and hydrogen.
While clamping themselves to the wooden structure, they fan the hive with their wings.
While approaching ceiling, it stretches its legs forward and as soon as it senses the touch of a ceiling it flips around and takes hold of the ceiling's surface.
While an experienced adult dolphin can detect most objects through a few signals, a juvenile has to experiment for years.
While all mammals go through this stage in the mother?s womb, the kangaroo offspring comes into the world when it is only one centimetre long.
While all living beings bear these signs, there are some to which Allah specifically refers in the Qur?an.
While actually,the antennae determines how far the RFID can transmit radio frequencies, the farthest of which is usually up to only 10 cm, although with some types, it could reach some meters.
While actually the e-mail has been randomly sent to millions of other users using a mass system, without considering whether the e-mails are members of Paypal or not.
While acidification is acid formulation from simple compound after organic material change into acid, do the second phase of anaerobic digestion process is methane formulation by methane formulation bacteria helps such as methanacocus , methanosarcina, methano bacterium.
While a person will normally read each word and line in sequence, they may at times jump back to an earlier place in the text or skip sections that are not of interest.
While a man will be near death if he loses body water equivalent to about 12% of his body weight, a lean camel can survive losing body water equivalent to 40% of its body weight.
While a human's heart beats 78 times a minute, this rate is 460 for a sparrow and 615 for a humming bird.
While a honeycomb slice expands in two opposite directions, first the bottom of its two rows join.
While a computer may be viewed as running one gigantic program stored in its main memory, in some systems it is necessary to give the appearance of running several programs simultaneously.
Which then the solvent is evaporated using evaporator and dried with N2 gas, and continued with total oxidation procedure using H5IC6 and NaBH4.
Which one better is wholly up to your need.
which China will particapated by in the project of sendingun uncrewed spceship to photos, one of mars moons to take soil sampel and brings it to the earth
Whether the bank will re-charge the cost to customers or the bank will bear the cost as part of its service to customers.
Whether fast or slow of a metathesis reaction depends on the catalyst used.
Whereas, the growth of the company is targeted above 50%
whereas, Nonsenko didn't want to feel about the project to the moon and mars specifically in cluding the a mount of money needed
Whereas, in Java it has been a long time advised not to do paddy culture with ratooning system as it might stimulate outbreak of severe pest attacks.
Whereas, if  the top explotion arrives on the earth can be more than 2 days
Whereas, EDI is useful as business data exchange services through computers with the purpose of reducing document duplications and increasing the speed and accuracy of information.
Whereas, at the beginning of 2006 the new costumers were 93.000.
Whereas the texts books are different, so it probably needs revising.
Whereas Samsung is the largest producer of NAND and DRAM memory in the world.
Whereas ring subunit functions to form sytosolic surface and nuclear of the nucleus pore complex.
Whereas photo galvanic power station operation still uses photo galvanic cells.
Whereas network capacity increase in the US is only 47 percents.
Whereas his said have worked hard to create, launched, and operated the system, whereas irresponsible people easily destroy the instrument which be able to protect the people from Tsunami disaster.
Whereas from 1998 to 2006, Hawthorne Company which used to call as Genetic Saving & Clone failed in cloning the dog.
Whereas for the combination model, subscribers will receive service with certain speed plus quota limitation.
Whereas for over use, customers are charged Rp. 75/minute.
Whereas addresses start with uncommon letter has spam quantity up to one-fifth of their inboxes.
Whereas 9% acknowledge that they have not use the network sites, but have planned to try.
Where the bleeding is, a blood clot forms that hardens and heals the wound in due time.
Where justice could be enforced? He/she wrote in English.
Where as, sound intencity posibly  reached of even over the dangerous level for our ear.
Whenever a new bee looks in on the same flower, it smells the scent and understands that the flower is of no use and so goes on directly towards another flower.
When you pass the entrance, the light is out indicating that the electricity has been produce.
When weather conditions are convenient, thirty-three days after fertilisation, the new neonate, only as big as a bean, creeps up from the mouth of the womb and reaches the pouch just like its sibling did.
When we look at the paleontological findings, we come across an abundance of fossils.
When we examine these flying creatures a little closer, our appreciation for their design multiplies.
When we examine the huge anatomical and physiological differences between water- and land-dwelling creatures, we can see that these differences could not have disappeared in an evolutionary process with gradual changes based on chance.
When wake up in the morning, we are aware from the sleep
When using paper made battery, electronic ware can be designed as thin  and light as possible.
When traveling with aeroplane, officers at the airport sometimes ask us to turn on our laptops to test.
When three cells are built on one face of the comb, the bottom surface of one cell on the other face is automatically constructed.
When this thing happens, the cell has started the first step to become cancer cell.
When this news is being written, the BPPT team was heading for a new location on Baruna Jaya IV research vessel.
When they want to ascend, they draw closer to the centre of the currents.
When they are tretened, their brain will soon give responses by doing the fastest manuver
When these muscles contract, the chest moves in the opposite direction, which, in turn, creates a downward pull.
When there is an open wound in the body, another chemical starts coagulation and enables the wound to heal.
When their speed alone is not enough for safety, they squirt a cloud of dense, dark coloured ink that is synthesised in their bodies.
When the wound totally heals, the clot dissolves.
When the wing is in an upward movement the feathers open up, to give way to the passage of air.
When the wing is flapped downward, the feathers come closer together, preventing the through passage of air.
When the wasp finds the tarantula, a war breaks out.
When the vest holds out the bullet?s penetration, the impact  from the bullet is reduced by spreading the momentum to the whole body.
When the transplantation was working, the both bones were first joined and then followed by artery and small blood vessel to ascertain the blood circulation back to normal.
When the time to lay eggs comes, the female cuckoo bird seems to race with time.
when the time for migration arrives, most species first meet at a particular location and then migrate together.
When the third is born, the number of milk types produced with different ingredients becomes three: highly nutritious milk for the older, and relatively less fatty and nutritious types of milk for the younger.
When the subject of flight is considered, birds immediately come to mind.
When the sting, inserted through this cut in the skin, reaches to the blood vessel, the drilling ends.
When the proboscis is unwrapped to take the shape of a pipe, it can even suck the flower?s nectar from the deepest petals.
When the pieces were brought together, it was observed that all the corridors and canals fitted one another.
When the number of cGMP molecules falls, so does the number of sodium ions.
When the north polar discharge moment trigger the problem of crop and animal in lower land also created the situation is equal to sunset moment at north polar.
When the mutation process happens exceeding the normal process and the work of repairement system will be overloaded.
When the login data has been obtained, the cracker can login in disguise and communicate with the victim?s friends.
When the light attracts them, the insects will get electrified by the electrically charged wire mesh and finally they will fall into the water basin.
When the internet is used widely, and enters the business world
When the incubation period is complete, larvae start to come out of the eggs almost simultaneously.
When the grenade explodes, it stays intact, not breaking into shrapnels.
When the gen has been found, the researchers will inject the gen of this plant to another plant which will be given similar characteristis to the previous plant.
When the fuse is ignited, the fire will travel to the gun powder and it will explode.
When the fish encounters another at the same frequency, it changes its frequency.
When the equipment is used by the publics not explained.
When the email is received by a Paypal user, the probability of this user to become a victim gets bigger.
When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles drop into the water.
When the eggs are about to crack, loud noises arise from the nest.
When the cuckoo bird sees that the other bird lays its eggs, it swings into action.
When the computer network started to be known and used, the computer security began to be noticed and used to manage resource usage right either physic or data
When the comprehension have been found completely, the finding assist to explain that biologist of human time is guided by sunlight begin with insomnia to depression.
When the complexity of radar used by humans is considered, the wonderful creation in the body of fish becomes clear.
When the collision occurred in the speed of millions kilometers per hour, the speed of collided hot gasses of each group decreased.
When the chocolate producer proceded chocolate, solid substance of chocolate seeds could be blacken, and its flavonol content, which was more biter eliminated, so dark chocolate did not have flavonol content.
When the butterfly wants to feed, a special muscle in the proboscis swings into action.
When the bat came to the first partition it located the hole easily and passed right through it.
When the animal lies down on hot sand, this callused structure protects the animal from being injured by the extremely hot ground.
When supernova occurrs, the thermonuclear process outputs in stars are thrown out so that enrich materials of chemical content of inter-stars room fulfiller.
When suction pads are installed on the feet of these robots, they can climb walls just like flies.
When struck by a photon, this molecule changes shape, which in turn changes the shape of a protein called rhodopsin to which it is tightly bound.
when some heavily used monitors were reused at home, or re-used for display purposes
When shown on television, the panda mother was licking her baby which was 25 cms in length and weighed 100 grams.
When scrutinised under a larger microscope and when compared against the examples of the design in creatures, Darwin's theory paints a very different picture, i.e. Darwinism's explanation of life is nothing more than a self-contradictory vicious circle.
When scientists observe something, they usually observe so many molecules and draw conclusion on a certain molecule based on result obtained.
When round tubes were used to display rectangular images, the diagonal measurement of these was equivalent to the round tube's diameter, hence this was used.
When representing the rector of ITS Surabaya who is unfit, he observed the failure of the Indonesian team to beat China as in the previous contest was a matter of fate.
When receiving a prize of research funds at the amount of Rp 60 millions, Atik spoke freely as a researcher in a discipline which is not regarded much by people.
When polyethylene is heated, it will create liquid hydrocarbon compound.
When plants and animals die, the balance with atmosphere also stop and carbon-14 in organism bodies start to decay.
When photons hit the cells of the retina, they activate a chain reaction, rather like a domino effect.
When oxygen at the reactor pirolisis will react with the material so that form the ash  
When other fish approach this small fake fish, not realising who the real owner of the fins is, they become easy prey to the hunter fish.
When negative numbers are required, they are usually stored in two's complement notation.
When met in the laboratory, nearly all team members which consisted of 10 people and two supervising lecturers were present.
When leaky bulb and oxygen touch the hot filament, react chemically will be happened so that the lamp will damage and can not be used again.
When Kompas.com portal improving to achieve its appearance that can be viewed now, other portals also improving their front pages.
when it will undergo metamorphosis.
When it wants to surface, it pumps a special gas it produces into these little cells and discharges the water.
When it wants to dive, the nautilus fills the little chambers in its body with water.
When it taps gently on this section, the milk is sprayed out.
When it still complete, the satellite dimension is as big as minivan car
When it starts pecking, head and beak line up perfectly on a straight line, but the smallest deviation could cause severe ruptures in the brain.
When it sees a familiar bird building a nest, it decides when to lay its own egg.
When it is time for the final change, it leaves the water and starts climbing a tall plant or a rock.
When it is 190 days old, it has grown mature enough to make its first journey outside the pouch.
When it connects with rhodopsin, transducin releases the GDP molecule and is linked to a new molecule called GTP.
When it comes to the fourth generation, migration starts over again.
When it becomes a full grown adult, it climbs up and starts drilling acorns in turn.
When in breeding age, the masculine found its feminine pairs by spreading the flashing lights
When ices coat melt this weight was lifted and the surface lift slowly.
When hitting an arm against a door or sitting down too heavily, hundreds of capillaries are ruptured.
When he was confirmed, Gatot did not want to disclose details of new regulations, especially relating to regulation of promotion tariff.
When flushing water out, the circular muscles contract lengthwise.
When fluoride acid is poured into a glass tube, negative ions of HF will react with metal positive ions.
When excess amounts of light fall on them, the eyes of this fish act as a ?chemical sun-glasses?.
When evolutionist sources are examined, one inevitably sees that the example of moths in England during the Industrial Revolution is cited as an example of evolution by natural selection.
When doing research on Marasmius genus fungi, Atik described  37 kinds, and 12 of them were new species.
When divers ascend to the surface too quickly, they face this danger.
When designating these phyla, the fact that each one possesses completely different physical structures should always be borne in mind.
When Darwin's The Origin of Species was published in 1859, it was believed that he had put forward a theory that could account for the extraordinary variety of living things.
When both families unite with velocity of million miles per hour, hot gas in each family collides and reduces speed, explained them, as reported by AFP.
When blood sugar concentration is very low, panchreas will produce glukagon to increase it.
When at last the head is released, the newly born dolphin rushes for the surface for the first gasp of air.
When asked about the future prospect, Putut answered, that it cannot be predicted now.
When all these things are considered, it becomes clear that the body is created in an extremely detailed way.
When airplane has been perfect, it is expected that computer system should be reliable so the airplane security can be guaranteed.
When activities started to get high and many people needed information, the site of Traffic Management Center of Polda Metro Jaya suddenly was defaced alias hacked through performance change, Tuesday morning.
When accompanied by mild water, honey diffuses into the bloodstream in seven minutes.
When a strong wind passes over a hilltop, it forms waves of motionless air.
When a neuron is stimulated, protein molecules on its surface change shape.
When a major group of organisms arises and first appears in the record, it seems to come fully equipped with a suite of new characters not seen in related, putatively ancestral groups.
When a hornet draws near, approximately 500 honeybees immediately surround it.
When a hornet discovers a new bee colony, it communicates the news to others by secreting a special smell.
When a flower has already been visited, the honeybee can understand that another bee has earlier consumed the nectar of that flower, and leave the flower immediately.
When a female runs across a male fish it immediately senses it and behaves accordingly.
When a colony comes under attack by one of these predators, a special suicide arm is launched.
When a believing person starts to think in the way shown in the Qur?an, he soon realises that the whole universe is a sign of Allah?s power and art, and that, nature is a work of art, not the artist itself.
What's even more interesting is the fact that the builders of such grandiose towers, the worker termites, are totally blind.
Whatever their purposes are, said Bavisi.
Whatever the motive owned by the cracker results in disadvantages for others.
What would happen if this clock were out of order or stayed behind.
What would happen if there were small problems within this perfectly functioning system.
What would happen if the gravitational force were greater than it is today? Running or walking would be impossible.
What would happen if such a substance as chitin were used in aircraft and space ships.
What would happen if red cells were not created with such flexibility? The researchers of diabetes gave some answers to this question.
What were the natural and coincidental variations referred to by Darwin.
What we talk about here is only a gnat of a few millimetres in length, without consciousness or wisdom, that is all.
What we are talking about here is that this system is found in a plant, a being with no brain or similar structure, and which is certainly unconscious.
What we are  currently developing is the possibility of conducting biofarming, which means putting antibody into certain plants, such as banana plants, so that those people who need the antibody can just eat the banana, said Wahyu, who is a researcher in imprinting genome phonemena in the National Institute of Genetics, Japan.
What was sold was a harddisk containing bank account numbers, telephone numbers, names of biological mothers and signatures of 1 million bank customers.
What this living thing will do is inspired in it.
what they do would necessarily have to be in concordance with each other?s instincts in order to achieve this astonishing result.
What these tiny animals do is implement the programme that Allah has particularly set for them.
What the user need to do is to enter password for Wi-Fi network we use.
What some people call a body clock is Allah?s control over these living beings.
What required to predict the age is only ratio measurement and this can be conducted easily using mass spectrometer.
What makes this plant, which resembles a pair of hands holding a bowl.
What makes the camel a special living being is its body structure, which is not affected even by the most severe conditions.
What made Darwin's theory different from Lamarck's was his emphasis on natural selection.
What less be known is biological weapon use in east European front at world war II
What kind of stimuli do these light waves provoke.
What kind of clock is it, which organ of the body does it work with, and how did it come into being.
What Kind Of A Mother Is The Crocodile.
What is the use of their unceasing mutations, if they do not produce evolutionary change.
what is special about this energy is that it does not cause pollution, noiseless and more efficient compared to other kinds of energy.
What is remarkable is that, through a variety of historical circumstances, even the history of opposition has been obscured.
What is more, this chain of mutations has to take place during the lifespan of one single animal.
What is more astonishing than that all three offspring, each in a different stage of development, are dependent on the mother.
What is meant as sail warships here is old time warships which are powered by wind and sails.  
What is interesting is that the new fossil findings make the Cambrian Age problem all the more complicated.
What is interesting here is that this project deals with the full use of renewable raw materials, although eventually the end product is good quality plastic.
What is generally known about gnats is that they are bloodsuckers and feed on blood.
What is called a clot is the plug that is formed due to this accumulation.
What is astonishing, Gmail and Yahoo, as the biggest providers of free e-mails, known as aces in filtering spam e-mails, could not detect these evil e-mails.
What if Planck?s Constant were Different.
What if in the future new viruses emerge?
What if gravity were less powerful? Light objects could not maintain their state of balance.
What has to be emphasized : to gain money from the cyber world, one does not have to be a direct trader.
What has been observed that the activation of backup system of ISE that takes 5-7 hours is certainly unacceptable according to the minimum standard adopted.
What has been explained so far is the first contact of photons, reflected off a friend's body, with a man's eye.
What good are 25 percent wings.
What finally came to sight were not two separate nests, but two pieces of one nest.
What exactly do these fluids applied to enemies do? Researchers encountered a very astounding fact in answering this question.
What emerges from the living world is that life forms are strictly separated in very distinct categories.
What deserves consideration is how these animals, having no protection, technical outfit, and security but only their bodies, can make these very long-distance flights.
What deserves attention here is that all modern hydro electrical power stations are built at the same angle today.
What Darwin believed to be evolution, was actually variation.
What could the secret of these creatures be.
What are the additive values of AVI that make it worth trial, let us examine together.
What allowed them to diverge so widely.
What a special the life is, the preparation of universe was so extraordinary before forming life and providing appropitate accomodation for the life.
Whales and dolphins, however, do not face similar dangers, although they breathe using their lungs.
WEPS electric power system consisted on chamber contains of air as turbine activator, column for fluctuate water through channel which related to generator
Wells explains the use of iPod will teach students about responsibility.
Wells discusses in his book how Bernard Kettlewell's experiment, which is known as the experimental proof of the story, is actually a scientific scandal.
Well, those of you wanting to sell or give somebody a second hand hard disk, be cautious.
Well, how does the bee understand, without checking the flower, that the nectar has earlier been consumed.
Websites occasionally derive income from a combination of these two practices.
Website is the accurate media to collect the information.
Website design at that time was determined by technical restrictions including inability to transfer the data quickly, monochrome monitors and slow modem connection.
Web site history includes four main stages depending on the complexity of design and the level of development of Information Technologies.
Web gets better with more options and innovations, says Sundar Pichai, the vice president of Google product management.
Weather and climate are two different things.
We would monitor them 24 hours a day to see whether the mother could take care of the baby.
We would like to re-pull the children toward zoo using this game.
We work together with a third party, a website of an online bookshop, which made the electronic versions of all the books we published.
We work in partnership to develop and transfer beneficial programs in educational sector.
We will tried this out in a ceramic manufacturer in Cikarang, said Yugo Goutomo, Business Development Manager of PT Sentra Soluis Integrasi.
We will provide mass transportation mode in the next two years, stated the Deputy of Chinese Railway Minister.
We will now start to analyze the enormous dimensions of this deadlock.
We will not inherit energy crisis to future Indonesian generation.
We will draw attention to the excellence of the creation of Allah.
We will continuously open opportunities for Institutions of Amil and Zakat which wish to join the Collective ZIS scheme.
We were very lucky find this female fossile
We were sure that the materials we were looking for were those congealed in the shovel.
We were proud with that matter
We were difficult to find what a new substance on this thing
We wanted to transform the traditional TV to be bigger, better, and more interesting than before.
We wanted to identify Tutankhamun?s family and lineage
We want to involve public in reporting and watching of how environmental problems or other problems are handled by authorities or non-governmental organizations.
We try to look for scientifically explanation why the Dolphin can help therapy treatment
We try to approach so Microsoft allows us to do mirroring or copying the software via our local area connection.
We tried to make science to be real, said Will Wright, the game designer named Spore, in an interview sometime ago.
We thought that tears suppliers are supplied spontaneously when one cuts onions.
We then may conclude that the place where all information is stored is the termite community as a whole.
We take special care of the privacy of our customers.
We take air into our lungs.
We succeeded to recontruct ancient genes for the first time
We succeed to make a chip which was more resemble with gene than a molecule
We still remember that from pomelo peels we could make toy cars for children to play with, when we we children.
We still have no evidence of the nature of the transition between cephalochordates and craniates.
We speak not only domestic, but also international traffics.
We show there are many intricks was used to deceive the first voter who still uncertained with their election right.
We should thank to the chemist that shows the molecular structure of protein and DNA in human body.
We should promote local food resources if we do not want to be affected by food crisis.
We shall consider this subject in some detail in this book.
We see, hear and speak so very easily as if it is a very simple thing.
We saw how the bee colony constructs the great architectural wonder of the hive, the intricate and subtle plans they employ while constructing it, and the jobs they automatically perform, which are quite hard even for men.
We rarely find hydrogen in the earth?s atmosphere.
We predict there are billions of newspaper pages around the world containing articles of events.
We plan to catch 4 dolphins this year, then, to be researched re-produced on our research center in Bali.
We ourselves skill keep question mark, let alone surroundings
We often see generation plants spreading in some locations, these are places where the electric is distributed.
We offer internet services and this test proved the tenacity of our system, aside from our reasonable price, though not just for the sake of being reasonable, said M. Arif Junaedi, Head of Indosat Branch, Bali, on the opening of the 100 hour nonstop internet connection demonstration,
We noticed and we observed that Indonesians were creative, innovative, and capable.  
We need to know the categorization of antioxidant.
We must face a lot of pressure when fall in love in real world, but emotional demand can be expressed better via relationship in internet.
We might be shocked because oil price keeps escalating and passes the level of US$ 76 per barrel, so causing budget increase and pressing rupiah exchange value.
We lost 65 percents of ice layer in the northern part in a year.
We learned a lot from the Chinese team who owned championship mentality, in which strategy in the field changes from time to time but they were not nervous.
We know the employee who took and sold the server, however we believe that it was only an error and he/she did not mean to sell it without cleaning the server.
We know that worker termites are barren and are not able to produce any descendent generations.
We know that forest is a carbon dioxide sink, the major problem of global warming, and forest becomes the world?s expectation to overcome climate change.
We know from their movement that the animals had legs growing under their bodies.
We hoped there would be high rivarly among competitors from 22 countries
We hoped the esia?s hidayah cellular phone could be learning facility and supplements for Moslems in Indonesia to conduct their religious rituals and to improve their attitude as well as religious service values they performed, so that the cellular phone could make the religious services lovelier.
We hope we can prepare organs suited to your body.
We hope the size of ozone hole will be normal again in this year
We hope moral support from all the people of Samarinda, especially East Kalimantan, and their pray so that Wawan would become a champion.
We have to confirm to doctors about the frequency potency to stroke patient.
We have not found the same phenomenon in solar system
We have not finished calculating the capacity, but I am sure it is going to be large enough since the number of alternative energy sources in Indonesia is unlimited
We have lost the hope, so common in older evolutionary reasoning, of reconstructing the morphology of the coelomate ancestor through a scenario involving successive grades of increasing complexity based on the anatomy of extant primitive lineages.
We have known that sand spread in port Tampa decreased about fifty percent.
We have just reviewed in summary form the impasse Darwinism found itself in from the day it was first proposed.
We have experimented by using ten pieces of paper altogether.
We have examined in earlier pages that in the Qur?an, Allah states that production of honey is inspired in the bees.
We have changed our corporation in the field of thecnology and equipment to become a developmen of big scale of space scientic studies
We have been studying why dolphins seem to know the sick parts of patient bodies.
We have all heard of disappointed breeders who carried their work to a certain point only to see the animals or plants revert to where they had started.
We had proved that from these two  modern genes, we could reconstruct ancient gene where it divided before
We had known chemically which made firefly lights, but  now, we got answer from the puzzle which dissolve for along time was explained how they able to switch on and switch off the button
We found some troubles on the software which regulated position in ordering the means stable on the certain height.
We expect the new tariff scheme is affordable.
We expect our installation will be able to protect wind condition of the area, if metling can not be stopped.
We estimate that the emission is directly from meat production  with 18 percent of the total of world gas emition, 13 percent from green houses
We encounter different forms of energy all the time.
We drove clouds away from Beijing on the last Sunday afternoon
We drove clouds away from Beijing on the last Sunday afternoon
We do not yet have detailed knowledge of how they navigate their return flight.
We do care to the global warming problem.
We could see the progress, and we were just waiting for the continuation.
We could predict the impact of climate change and calculate the number of losses towards Indonesia archipelago.
We considered many possibilities relating to SanDisk, but had not decided anything, explained James Chung, the spokesperson of Samsung.
We collected the important data on the affect of global warming to lake ecosystem. We hoped government be more care to the lake.
We caught him carried and stored one big sheet tiger leather, complete with its bones.
We can tell you now that the prints came from dinosaurs which lived at the beginning of Early Cretaceous Period.
We can sum up the situation like this.
We can see how Microsoft products can really impact markets when they must compete with similar products.
We can save telephone bills and expenditures for stationary up to 70 percent, said Masaran subditrict head Yuniarti.
We can no more grow wings on pigs than hens can make cylindrical eggs.
We can list the most evident of these differences as follows Weight-bearing.
We can encounter such miracles as these regardless of what we examine in the world of creation.
We can create reliable communication for team member situated at different varied locations.
We called it as awareness
We believe users can use flash disks to store important data, not only transferring file from one computer to another.
We believe that nature has created perfect organs and we were curious to find the ways in the laboratory to facilitate the supply of the necessary instruments and to let nature works.
we are very sure that Europe has water.
We are seriously responsible on space exploitation that we done
We are optimistic the market will grow bigger in the coming years.
We are looking for a complement, so that there would not be an overlap, said he.
We are aware that the compass is an invention and a work of human intelligence.
We are accustomed to the camera-type eye found in vertebrates.
We and the far-away stars are only seperated by time and by some astrophysics and geophysics processes which ran following the time arrows.
We also often hear the electric turning off in a region related to an occurrence in the transformer because that is electric distribution center around the area.
We also do innovation use double fermentation technology that is how to make Rhizobium bacteria able to increase itself using tuber or cassava as its media
We already have a sales system in Astra?s core system.
We all know that when such a construction is made by men, beforehand the construction is drawn by an architect, then the plans are distributed to the workers, and all the construction is organised in a work site.
we all know that peageon can be trained to return to their nests from several locations
Waves Electric Power Station becomes promising.
Water which is composed of hydrogen and oxygen cannot be converted into non-polar hydrocarbon.
Water sources used as power station often are dry and drop significantly, so the power station cannot optimally operate.
Water is polar and this is different from the properties of hydrocarbon.
Water fluctuated along sea waves caused airflow through pipe to turbine.
Water Cannot be Converted into Hydrocarbon.
Water also facilitates the circulation of the red blood cells that defend our bodies against microbes and dangerous substances.
War condition in World War I in the West Front made the British Army to think of developing a vehicle that could move across trenches, destroying barbed wire, and was invulnerable to machine guns shots.
Waiting for Animal shaped Robotic Soldiers
Wahyu Pubowasito, Ph.D, a researcher of the Agency for the Assessment and Application of Technology BPPT, Indonesia said biotechnology research in Indonesia has not been left far behind if compared to the research done in other countries.
Vultures utilise a special method in order to scan the earth below from an appropriate height riding rising columns of warm air, called the thermals.
Vultures almost float upward in these ascending currents.
Voice service will serve as catalyst for commodities so it is necessary to think how to make voice to be valuable.
Voice conversation service will still be an income source, despite its tariffs tends to go down.
Vitamin E is stored in adipose tissue and can be obtained from vegetable oil.
Vitamin E is believed to be an antioxidant source that works by preventing lipid per oxidation of unsaturated lipid acid in cell membranes and assisting vitamin A oxidation and protecting fertility.
Vitamin C is contained in green color vegetables and fruits.
Vitamin C also plays role in resisting excessive oxidation reaction in body through acting as antioxidant.
Vitamin antioxidant is more popular as antioxidant than enzyme.
Visitors lost the moment as the firework was launched six minutes after the change of the year.
Virus invention by Chiron which different  genome series with hepatitis A and B virus.
Virtually all laptops can be powered from an external AC converter.
Viewed from business interests, the value of the domain and website of fotografer.net would be very expensive.
Video game is identical with children and teenager.
Video and sound chips are usually integrated.
Very oftern, this emerges negligence and causes security weaknesses
Very often, the user easily believes in the security system, because he cannot figure out any technical information presented by the service provider.
Very often there are misuses of gas grenade, this grenade should actually not be used to disperse crowds of people as it may cause panic.
Very little was known about this extraordinary situation in the Cambrian Age when Charles Darwin was writing The Origin of Species.
Very big ion radiation distrubed aerospace signals even could damage electrinic circuits in satellite and telecomunication perpheral.
Vertebrates, divided into such fundamental classes as fish, amphibians, reptiles, birds, and mammals, are probably the most dominant creatures in the animal kingdom.
Vertebrates are the fastest running, best swimming and farthest flying creatures on earth.
Vertebrates are a subgroup of chordates.
Vatikan curses human cloning
Vatikan Church curses human cloning process by saying the research as the worst human exploitation type that have ever in the world
Various studies have shown that birds have seemingly advanced, magnetic receptor systems enabling them to find their way by making use of the magnetic field of the earth.
Various species of termites achieve these suicide attacks in different ways, e.g. a certain species living in the rainforests of Malaysia is particularly interesting.
Various kinds of new system are developed in order to provide secure services, for example http, sll and else
Various institutions criticize the plan to create this Microsoft system due to privacy issue.
Various hydrocarbon compounds contained in crude oil are separated using cascading distillation technique based on boiling points differences.
Various advices are provided by friends that are online, so it can entertain the stress suffered teenagers.
Variations, which Darwinism has seen as evidence of evolution for some hundred years, actually have nothing to do with the origin of species.
Variation, a term used in genetics, refers to a genetic event that causes the individuals or groups of a certain type or species to possess different characteristics from one another.
Variation does not constitute evidence for evolution because variations are but the outcomes of different combinations of already existing genetic information, and they do not add any new characteristic to the genetic information.
Variation always takes place within the limits of genetic information.
Vapors will be transferred in turbine so that will yield the rotation and move the generator.
Vague beliefs about inheritance led Darwin to base his theory on completely false grounds.
Vacuum tube electronics were largely replaced in the 1960s by transistor based electronics, which are smaller, faster, cheaper to produce, require less power, and are more reliable.
V.C.Wynne-Edwards, a British zoologist, concluded that living things balance their population in an interesting way, which prevents competition for food.
UVB ray stimulates melanocyte to produce excessive melanin in skin that can make not only skin looks darker but also has black dots.
UVA rays degrade skin by penetrating basal layer and causing wrinkles.
UV ray is exogenous source of free radicals that comes from outside of the body system
Usually, only one is born at a time.
Usually the laughing gas is used as anesthetic in mixture with oxygen with comparison 80:20.
Usually on receiving a report like that, Paypal will discontinue the website.
Usually if battery laptop problem occurs, laptop vendor will withdraw the product intensively.
Using this applications, cellular phones sets can serve as digital money storage, this is done by combining short message application services, such as when checking the balance.
Using the same logic, one could say that, since people born with genetic leg paralysis are unable to walk and so are saved from being killed in traffic accidents.
Using the principle of specthrometry mass technology to obtain the aforesaid identification, the research of Purdue University could differentiate attaching different fingerprints, which in the past were very difficult using forensic process based on optical method.
Using only one bank account number in Bank Mandiri, the Institute for Amil and Zakat can accept payment of all kinds of ZIS from ZIS payers in Bank Mandiri which has already joined the scheme of collective ZIS.
Using North Gemini telescope toi obsever the light spectrum, the astronomers predicted that the star which is called IRS 8 was about 3.5 billion of age.
Using m-banking services, cellular phones can be used to do various banking transactions since 2000, starting with only one bank offering theses cervices, now it develops to 35 banks.
Using internet illegally and sexually harassing girls below 15 years.
Using foreign-made closed system softwares, if something is wrong, it might happen that the failure could not be fixed quickly as the technicians has to be called from abroad to fix the problem.  
Using expertise in manipulating programming scripts of which all of its tutorials are available in the internet, a Trojan and malware maker can get the data needed.
Using e-mail hosting from Google Apps, we, which already have a domain, will continually have e-mails with our domain address.
Using digital money, people can pay the toll fees automatically.
Using climate and ice layer modeling program in the computer, Lunt and his team tested the most reliable theory
Using brain scanning technique, scientists find  a responsible mechanism on creating and storaging memories
Using biomass to yield the heat simply in fact it?s have been done by our ancestors several century ago
Using an online integrated way, we can track down recorded data in call centers in any branches, said  Abidin Riyadi, Head of IT  Division, PT TA Finance.
Using an e-mail which has been registered and credit cards data that has been put into it, we can employ Paypal as a reliable tool for realtime transaction.
Using a technique called decellularization, the researchers took the whole dead heart cells, leaving behind only the soft structure of collagen tissues.
Using a catalyst to combine limonen oxide and carbon dioxide, Coates research group was successful in producing a new polymer known as polylimonin carbonat
Users of this card will regularly receive SMS advertisements from various companies in compensation for free SMSs.
Users could  even cut the battery and formed it as they liked.
Users are promised to have easy browsing access in the web world by using this application.
Used air follows a reverse course in leaving the lung and is discharged through the windpipe.
Use compatible charger with your laptop battery.
US scientists make an emplacementon creating the artificial life
US scientists expanded human cloning
US Researchers Discovered a New Family of House Lizard Tokek
US Military Councils is analyzing to know what kind of component fragments which will fall to earth
Uranium enrichment process has actually been possessed by several countries which have nuclear plants or reactor grade such as the Netherlands, Germany, the UK, Russia and Japan.
Uranium enrichment is divided into two definitions, the first is LEU, in which the percentage level of uranium enrichment is less than 20 percent, and HEU, in which the percentage of uranium enrichment is more than 20 percent.
Upon release of the sound, air molecules start travelling towards the man to whom the greeting is sent.
Upon finding a convenient place, she starts to deposit her eggs.
Up-drafts are an added advantage to them.
Updated antivirus system can actually detect spyware, but the newest spyware can always camouflage itself.
Up to this August there have been 8 digital masjids mosques in Sumatera and 23 more masjids in municipality and regencies throughout Nanggroe Aceh Darussalam that will join the list following the signing of memorandum of understanding between Telkom with each local government.
Up to the beginning of the 20th century, no one believed that a substance called free radical could be in free condition.
up to now, world scientist have spend 400 years to understate the Jupiter and moons around it inculd Europe.
up to now, Mars, Europe and Enceladus moon which around the Saturns are the place which contain waters in the solar system, which is the dominan factor supporting life
Up to now the laughing gas is used as pain killer in surgical operation.
Up to now researchers still asses? natural resources to be used as anti cancer cure and as other anti carcinogenic element.
Up to now almost all community segments have had their websites made.
Up to 2004 it is merely theoretical concept, and no proposed or developed prototype design to generate electricity.
Up to 120 different languages that you can add there.
Until today, the information of weather forecast is presented by BMG through some media including website, newspaper, radio, television, and journals published regularly in every month.
Until today, the epidemiology carried out consistently shows a reversed relation between vegetables and fruits consumption with the risks of cardiovascular diseases and some types of cancers.
Until today, some chemical, biochemical, clinical and epidemiology tests
Until today, It is believed that Iran owns rocket with a 2000-kilimeter energy explore.
Until the end of 2008, PT Telekomunikasi Indonesia Tbk expects to be able to widen Speedy broadband internet service as many as one million numbers connections.
Until now the archeologists is still in difficulties to find the existence of the palace of Majapahit Kingdom.
Until now only three insect specimens were found and all were only in the Sabah State in Kalimantan.
Until eventually it was known that there was structural similarity with steroid of animal and fungi.
Unquestionably, chemists can perform such an operation not within their bodies, but only in laboratories.
Unlimited model has no time or volume limit.
Unlike the square cells in a lobster eye, these cells are either hexagonal or round.
Unlike phosphor burn-in, however, image persistence can sometimes be reversed partially or completely.
Unlike many other living organisms, flies digest food not in their mouth, but outside their bodies.
Unless the tracheal system is fully functional, no intermediate stage could be to the advantage of the creature, but on the contrary, would harm it by rendering its respiratory system non-functional.
Unless the dam is clamped tight to the streambed, the running water would soon damage the dam.
Unless all these things happened, a fish could only survive on land for a few minutes.
United States researchers had expanded to unite an ancient gene which divided into two genes firstly like as in modern mouse through back evolution process
United States researchers discovered a new family of house lizard tokek, a discovery that will leave an impact on technology and the environement.
United State satellite will fall down to earth
Unite States congress have approved the budges for coupon distribution to the community as value $ 1.5 billion that will be used to pay the coupon as much 22.5 million and other expense.
Unit of 731 exposed river, well and water supply of China with bacteria cholera, dysentery and anthrax.
Unit 731 which has special project which is used human being as experiment material
Unison Technologies had tightened cooperation with one of Linux distro developers, Ubuntu Canonical in creating a communication application for distro system of Linux open-source operation.
Unison involves Ubuntu to develop communication application.
Uniquely, a part of patient body is tapped or touching by the dolphins everyday is differ, so it shows systemically.
Unikom is one of the four higher learning institutions in West Java which managed to go into the final stage of the 2008 KRCI
Uni Europe commission had just wished to give facilities and clear provision for this matter in order to be able as reconciliation for our member countries
Unhappily, too high ambient temperature cause the electrical trouble at LED itself.
Unfotunately, some people still have not realized this and tend to ignore the strength aspect of passwords.
Unfortuntely so far, operators and content providers use it capriciously.
Unfortunately, there was not other detail in the report
Unfortunately, there is not much information known about the existence of these fungi in Indonesia.
Unfortunately, the technology was imperpect.
Unfortunately, the official price of this smartphone is not clear yet, though according to the plan, this smartphone is going to be marketed in Indonesia next month.
Unfortunately, the limited numbers of bookswhich would be made in e-book format caused Mizan to stop producing digital books.
Unfortunately, the high resolution camera on the spacecraft is suddenly down when passing the object at the nearest distance.
Unfortunately, the doctors were not willing to publish the name of the farmer, even they gave no comment when asked about the donor of the spurious hands.
Unfortunately, Squeezebox Boom has not supported other equipment produced by Logitech.
Unfortunately, not many people know that this fauna has lots of benefits in the life cycle links, among others, predators to insects, human consumption, and be made into medicine.
Unfortunately, It was still uncertain when they would start commercializing their plan.
Unfortunately, he/she never win and eventually is trapped in debt.
Unfortunately, according to Gatot, many of the advertisement on tariff promotion are absurd and tend to mislead consumers.
Unfortunately the expected objective cannot be reached, so Telkom must do evaluation.
Unfortunately in Indonesia, many people still ask what kind of stuff nano technology is.
Undoubtedly, some guidelines may also help.
Undoubtedly, bones are rocked making bass sound more assuring
Underground carbon dioxide gas storage is an option to overcome its increasing emission from year to year.
Under this cooperation, Telkomsel subscribers will enjoy seamless roaming when they travel to various countries in these four continents.
Under the same circumstances, a human being would lose 8% of his weight and die within 36 hours, completely losing the water in his body.
Under normal conditions, the ion channel allows sodium ions to flow into the cell, while another molecule disposes of the excess ions to maintain a balance.
Under normal conditions, 2,5 million red blood cells are generated per second, a number which can be increased if necessary.
Under normal condition, data is sent once in an hour?s or a day?s time.
Unbelievable, a computer virus has been found in NASA?s space station, NASA being one agency which exercises supertight security techniques
Ultrahigh frequencies, from 868 MHz up to 928 MHz, may not be used globally, as there is no global single standard on frequencies on that bandwidth.
UGM is one of educational institutions that cooperate with Microsoft to get access of this program together with several other universities.
Ufuk only receives royalty from each e-book purchased from that online bookshop, said Baqir of Ufuk Publisher.
Typical battery life for most laptops is two to five hours with light duty use, but may drop to as little as one hour with intensive use.
Types of Feather.
Two-thirds of the bodies of these fish are covered with electrical organs, which have around 5,000 to 6,000 electroplaques.
Two years ago, despite in the step of experiment to the mouse, the observes from Los Angeles, discovered that chemical reaction than made fire fly flicks was able to help doctors to identify the spread of prostate cancer so that they could use a direct remedy.
Two wings are cross-placed on a body that displays a colour gradation from ice blue to maroon.
Two Tsunami Buoys made in Indonesia are put.
Two thousand special renderings were done on computer in the light of the manoeuvres of the dragonfly in air.
Two semi-spherical eyes, each nearly half the size of the head, provide the insect a very wide visual field.
Two other kinds of soaring are known as thermal soaring and dynamic soaring.
Two other insects are collected in Sabah.
Two opposing muscle groups, known as lifters and sinkers, enable the wings to move up and down by pulling in opposite directions.
Two opposing muscle groups move the wings.
Two of these genes are studied by researchers team
Two of them are b-naphtylamine and benzydine.
Two of Japan?s largest industrial corporations, Mitsubishi and Matsushita, have already taken the first steps in collaborating on the subject.
Two main reasons why candidates are eliminated, first is due to posting information on drugs or liquor use.
Two instruments granted by Germany have been installed, one to the west of Sumatra and the other one to the south of Bali.
Two Indonesian-made tsunami buoys are installed
Two female dinosaurs fossiles were allosaurus carnivore and tenontosaurus herbivore types
Two examples are Eusthenopteron and Acanthostega the two favorite subjects for most of the contemporary evolutionary scenarios regarding tetrapod origins.
Twice as fast as sound, the flat shape of this new model keeps air resistance during flight to a minimum.
Twenty years later, scientists found out that this system had already been present in the wings of the dragonfly.
Twenty four percents of managers said that they found content that can support their decisions to recruit candidates.
TV would indirectly change our views on internet.
Tutankhamun was crowned a king when he was nine years old, but he died at the age of 19 years old.
Turn over of news portal website-type is very high.
Turbin engines are also popular in newest tanks.
Tumiran revealed this to comment on the polemic and  confusion around  blue energy.
Tubagus Daniel Azhari, the GM Sales and CS Telkomsel, stated to journalists in the launching of Simpati Talkmania in Bandung on Tuesday evening that the program will save significantly the communication budget of customers.
Trying to work out, for example, how the heart and aortic arches of an amphibian could have been gradually converted to the reptilian and mammalian condition raises absolutely horrendous problems.
Try to catch a fly sitting on your palm.
true natural history.
Truck bombs can easily drive through obstacles and carry more explosives.
Trojan is the one which send specific information on login data to a remote computer.
Tritium can be produced easily in nuclear reactors and used in hydrogen bomb production.
Tritium can be produced easily in nuclear reactors and is used in hydrogen bomb production.
Tritium atoms also exist, but its amount is limited.
Triodos, a bank based in Dutch predicted that the wave electrical power station will be more promising in the future.
Triodos was the first bank funded the development of water electrical power station in 1980?s.   
Trilobites belonged to the Arthropoda phylum, and were very complicated creatures with hard shells, articulated bodies, and complex organs.
Triggered by a tropical storm, suddenly flood came attacking her living environment.
T-Rex ancestor was found in Poland.
Transformation of liquid hydrocarbon as the result of plastic waster pyrolisis to lubricating oil uses hydroisomeration method.
Train transportation company in eastern Japan did the saving by using human resources.
Tragically, the teenager, who was on the way to see his/her friend, died.
Traditionally, this technique was utilized only in large and powerful computers such as supercomputers, mainframe computers and servers.
Trade-offs from this ideal involve finding enough programmers who know the language to build a team, the availability of compilers for that language, and the efficiency with which programs written in a given language execute.
Towards week six when the offspring leaves the nest, we encounter the interesting sight of the cuckoo, a big bird fed by two small birds.
towards it, then comes close enough to attack, arches and stretches its neck and closes upon its target at great speed.
Totally there are 40 species of dolphins around the world.
Total weigh entire of robot may not exceed 50 Kg and boundary of catudaya tension not exceed 24 volt.
Total ATM terminals in the Joint ATM network reach 13 thousand terminals with more than 20 millions ATM cards, whereas in Medan there are more than 470 ATM terminals.
Torpedoes can be launched from ships, submarines, helicopters, aircrafts and sea mines.
Torpedoes are self-powered projectiles launched from above or below water surface and which later travels below water surface.
Tomatoes are known rich with carotenoid compound, particularly licopen.  
Tomash and his colleagues established the Charles Babbage Institute in 1978 for the purpose of collecting archival materials, training historians of computing, and conducting academic research.
Tokyo has a wish to be a state selected as host the event
Together with Bridge Alliance, they will develop this digital money services on a similar platform so that their customers may get the benefits.
Toface the worst possibility of sun strom NASA did some saving steps.
Today, these hints are presented to us as laws of physics as discovered largely by physicists.
Today, the term information technology has ballooned to encompass many aspects of computing and technology, and the term is more recognizable than ever before.
Today, the security problems become complicated along with the spread of computer use, particularly after the Internet existence.
Today, the great majority of biologists accept that there are five or six separate kingdoms.
Today, simple computers may be made small enough to fit into a wristwatch and be powered from a watch battery.
Today, flat-shaped models are commonly used both in the armaments industry and civil aviation.
Today, BPPT is cooperating with other country in improving of natural rubber quality in order to process become the tire which more durable and more rubbery.
Today, biotechnology researchers is making serious effort to get gene which survive of certain environment.
Today, biotechnology develops very rapidly, especially in advanced countries.
Today this program akso aims at reducing the production of and destroying nuclear weapons.
Today the issue of mutation is still a great impasse for Darwinism.
Today application of biotechnology can also be seen in the preservation of the  environment against pollution.
To yield the perfect white light, the light spectrum from the colour is combined.
To utilize information and telecommunication technology for development purposes via information and knowledge exchanges among the participating countries.
To use this service customer just need to register.
To use internet service with speed of 256 kbps, a customer must set aside 500 USD per month.
To trigger sporulation, collection of samples was only done after sufficient rain precipitation was reached.
To the south, at one time the crater wall dropped down to seaside, so crater cliff here is only 13 meter in height above the sea level.
To the question why we do not find records of these vast primordial periods, I can give no satisfactory answer.
To the police, he/she admitted was typing SMS before lost control of the car.
To take it, need an exact time estimation.
To support optimal performance, AVI installs ANSAV engine that works as protection system.
To summarize, there are three main reasons why mutations cannot make evolution possible.
To store larger numbers, several consecutive bytes may be used typically, two, four or eight.
To speed up a reaction usually a catalyst is added.
To see these, Bank Indonesia and the Department of Finance can utilize T-Cash transaction data.
To see its tune model, researchers team used a tune identification software
To secure this, two guardians are always kept at the entrance of the hive.
To reveal the mystery of water in the moon, NASA had prepared to sent the LRO satellite this year.
To reach this goal, a wider access to the use of technology especially information technology is needed to help the people in the developing countries gain a number of opportunities in the 21st century.
To reach the stage of commercialization, he said, it still needs time.
To reach that, a condusive environment should be created, either in terms of products or the supporting services.
To put it briefly, there is no evidence for the evolution of flying reptiles.
To protect the control system dysfunction that causes cell proliferation, our body has been equipped with cell security system.
To promote the development of game within the general public, LMD targets educational institutions.
To produce high quality aerial photos no need to do many flights.
To process silica, Nurul said, his party has patented ball mill special processing equipment.
To prevent virus spread, always washing hands with soap after using any objects shared with others.
To prevent the incidence of car bombs, vehicles should be parked in a location away from buildings.
To prevent rejection reaction, the islet cells are encapsulated.
To prevent phising and web data stealing, Chrome also has feature to open web-based application without toolbar and address bar which is also developed by Mozilla in a project called Prism.
To prevent or reduce chronic disease due to free radical antioxidant is required.
To prevent it from being drifted away by the stream, the buoy was tethered using a special cable to a thousands of kilograms ballast.
To prevent assorted effect from global warming, its can be done by reduce or discontinuing biggest process trigger the glass house gas that combustion of fossil fuel
To Photuris firefly group, their lights played the role also in hunting
To Parjo, the computers are very helpful in expediting government affairs.
To overcome this, Kevlar is often used together with other materials which are capable of accepting compressive stresses.
TO overcome this, environmental experts and scientists from various fields have conducted research and actions.
To overcome the problems, Google does not surrender.
To overcome the problem there are some ways, and it depends on the version of Windows Media Player used in your computer.
To observe passengers? online activities, stewardesses will be in charge.
To navigate the cursor, pressure is applied in the direction intended to move.
To make Kevlar, the materials are solved and stirred to produce polymer chains orientated to form fiber.
To make it, sand and soda are melted down together and the result is called natrium silicate.
To make ammonia formation fast, the reaction is conducted in a high pressurized reactor.
To make a software to be a free software, the software must have a license, or in public domain and provides access to source code for everybody.
To leave the airtight room, the astronouts climbs up a hole and move their feet into spacesuit of about 6 feet high
To know about their families the botanias from harvard universitis analogzed their DNA.
To get the nano technology, we are Indonesian need corporate to many site and synergy all the nation potency that our have.
To get the facility of this new price, XL Bebas subscribers do not have to register or buy a special initial package as XL Bebas subscribers can automatically enjoy these XL lowest prices.
To get of implementation phase, is need more intensive study especially usage of more sample patient.
To get more understanding let us see the development in the information technology field.
To get heredities, in fact, dinosaurs needed shorter time
To get health benefits so consumed dark flavonol rich chocolate moderately to balance calorie by decreasing the other calories foods.
To get faster connection, HSDPA is offered, of which technology is still developing.
To get cells from solid tissue, tissues are usually chopped, then digestive enzymes, such as tripsin or collagenase are added to remove extracellular matrix which binds or unites cells together.
To fill the gap within our knowledge on fungi of Marasmiellus family in Indonesia, I did field research in several places.
To explore Europa, NASA prepared a diving robot.
To every body surprise that the phenomenal popularity of Avatar has attracted science research entity to observe it.
To embedded scared effect to executant, Appointeded punishment 5 year prison and Fine amount of 250,000 USD
To eliminate oxygen at the pirolisis process is usually formed by gas flow as function to fasten the oxygen and release from reactor.
To do so wide access is required in technology application, especially in information technology, to assist public in developing countries to reach opportunities in the 21 century.
To do so make sure that batteries contain sufficient energy.
To develop the Android application, Google provide a budget of USD 10 millions.
To demonstrate their capability on providing internet access, this operator of fixed wireless network that belongs to Indosat, organized a capability test by conducting a 100 hour nonstop internet access.
To deal with this problem, there is a very special system.
To day, when the tecnology in progres biomass processing tecnology became energy in progress to
To counter the fact of genetic stability genetic homeostasis, this group of scientists employed the concept of mutation, which had been proposed by the Dutch botanist Hugo de Vries at the beginning of the 20th century.
To complicate the matters, system components usually come from similar suppliers
To collect fresh specimen of fungi from their habitat, Atik had to be good at finding the right time for collecting these organisms.
To believe in such a scenario may be necessary for the sake of evolutionary theory, but it is not scientifically and rationally sound.
To be the shapes as now,  the filament lamp had to pass long researched process, that was more than 50 years
To be the first blogger caught by Saudi Arabia Security due to writing political issues in virtual world.
To be really functional, the buffer has to meet all those criteria.
To be one the best in science and technology was also implemented by the Communist Government of China through science educational reform in 1950s.
To be honest, we have not thought that far, if we are asked to produce e-book versions of the books we published.
To be able to watch picture explanation, video viewers just need to click at bottom right corner.
To avoid the earth?s temperature from increasing continuously and environmental damage getting worse, then global warming must be reduced.
To anticipate terrorist Tokyo will spread camera three dimension
to another study written in procceding of national Academy of Sciences, Joel Forgot from mediterranian Intitute of Cognitive Neurosciencefound that pegeons have strong memories
To all features will help the the information system to delivery company.
To activate the initial phone card subscribers will get an agreement notification which says that subscribers have to receive five SMS advertisements every day from various advertising companies.      
To achieve this objective, an engineer of chemical engieering can simplify or complicate production process flows to obtain an economical process.
Tissue enginereering uses living cells as building materials.
Tissue engineering is the use of cell technique combination, engineering and materials and a utilization of biochemical and physiochemical factors to improve or replace biological functions.
Tissue engineering also covers the efforts to create special biochemical functions using cells in artificial organs.
Tiny battery is made of virus
Timing Techniques.
Timing is also very important in laying eggs.
Time can be set for data transmission.
Time and Coordinate falls of the satellite has not been confirmed until the satellite start to move through atmosphere and breaks
Till at this time, development has been doing countiniously to produce LED with the equal colour coposition and hold out longger.
Tiger trade was stopped.
TIG mentions two important authorities in this context, Stephen Jay Gould and Simon Conway Morris.
TIG expresses this important problem as follows.
Thus,the existence of some young stars that were too close to the black hole is confusing.
Thus, when the passengers passed it, it will cause vibration to the plate.
Thus, we often see electric cables from high voltage electric stream ranging from one place to another, that is classified as transmision subsystem
Thus, they were prevented from navigating by landmarks on the ground.
Thus, they can produce charges of 500 volts of electricity at about two amperes.
Thus, the use of material could be more effective, effiecient, and optimat without any extravagance on unnecessary molecules or atoms.
Thus, the trap is closed in the same way as when a person, in order to move his arm, needs to have one muscle contract and one relax.
Thus, the stealing of login data in an online payment tool is similar to wallet stealing in the real world.
Thus, the rapairation of one of the sea cable connecting Asia internet line to US were probably delayed for a week.
Thus, the plant feeds on digestive fluids that have turned into a bowl of soup enriched by plant proteins.
Thus, the most famous example of natural selection was relegated to the trash-heap of history as a scientific scandal which was inevitable, because natural selection is not an evolutionary mechanism, contrary to what evolutionists claim.
Thus, the market target of OnBase which has 7200 client companies in North America, South America, Europe and Asia, is quite high.
Thus, the information relating to climate is the collective information, which summarizes or describes the climate controlling factors mentioned above.
Thus, the information of extreme weather is also needed for sectors of tourism, fishery, and shipping.
Thus, the gnat sucks the blood it needs without the problem of clotting.
Thus, the body of the mother simultaneously produces two types of milk with different ingredients.
Thus, the BMG is really excellent in presenting data of measurement from the land surface.
Thus, such a person will come to know the Creator Who created him and all other things, draw closer to Him, discover the meaning of his existence and his life and so prosper.
Thus, scientists can gain comprehensive information which gen produces the cold resisting protein.
Thus, its two legs look exactly like the antennae of ants. Yet, the camouflage does not consist solely of this.
Thus, it is not surprising if a certain region is served by two different types of wireless networks.
Thus, it can stand against all kinds of external threats.
Thus, honey does not leak out from the mouth of the cell.
Thus, for The West  Indonesian Time,  the observation  could begin after the moon came out around at 18:00s pm, or when the moon had passed the eclipse culmination.
Thus, each country would contribute their abilities to develop OSS, then  they would exchange their experiences
Thus, CDMA is indeed aimed at users who want inexpensive access.
Thus, bees do not waste time on the same flower.
Thus, an air circulation system, which is continuously inspected by colony workers, is provided by way of simple physical principles.
Thus, a customer may not end their subscription.
Thus was born neo-Darwinism.
Thus to get a rocking bass has a tendency  to tight the sound to boost up the volume.
Thus Robert Carroll is forced to admit that, It is difficult to account for the initial evolution of feathers as elements in the flight apparatus, since it is hard to see how they could function until they reached the large size seen in Archaeopteryx.
Thus Robert Carroll is also forced to mention the origin of turtles among the important transitions and radiations still poorly known.
Throughout winter, the glaciers steadily grow, thereby increasing the distance between the incubation site and the coast, where the closest source of food for the penguins is found.
Throughout these processes, many muscles work at great speed.
Throughout the second half of the twentieth century, programming was an attractive career in most developed countries.
Throughout the construction, the two termite groups were prevented from contacting one another.
Throughout the 1980s CBF raised funds in support of CBI?s activities, creating what ultimately became known as the Tomash Fellowship which has supported the Ph.D. research of nearly 30 young scholars and counting.
Through this writing, the writer begs all sides to pay attention back to this basic problem.
Through this way, the medicine can fight against disease as cancer faster and more accurately.
Through this substance, it can be recognized which white blood cell surrounds the body
Through this process will be produced petrol in more amount and better quality.
Through this experiment, it was concluded that the bats had a very sharp sense of perception even in complete darkness.
Through these simple messages, the stress suffered teenagers can build an online friendship and solidarity with his/her age cohort friends.
Through these production stages, randomly combined polymer sheets are obtained.
Through the video service site, this year Google expects to earn around USD 200 millions.
Through the technology of image taking through satellite, it did mean that there was no privatization anymore, Google claimed in responding complaints from a spouse of Pittsburgh when their home appeared in Goolge.
Through the port, Space Cube can be connected with the computer systems of those three space agencies.
Through the long data we could say that Indonesia has tropical monsoon climate.
Through team works, we prove the development of organism material complete packet can and possible to be done
Through science and technology , the world becomes familiar with US in dealing with economics and thoughts
Through great efforts, the newly born tadpoles climb and hold on to the back of the mother so tightly that they appear to have been welded on.
Through engineering design, his/her creation could generate animation model as represented by Avatar expressing various expression with different intensity.
Through education we want to see new Bill Gates?s coming fron Indonesia, he said during dinner with the media at Rumah daksa, Jakarta.
Through each new miraculous discovery, the world of science attempts to understand how these systems work.
Through competitions which confers prizes, it is expected that many people would be interested to express their creative ideas or, in other words, bright ideas are not only for display, as was the theme of this competition.
Through cartoon characters in the writing books, Indonesian students are asked to understand and contribute more in handling the impacts of global warming.
Through better health care and perhaps also some sexual selection, as some women prefer taller men as mates males have reached a record adult height during the last century.
Through a set of chemical reaction phase, luciferine with luciferase enzyme assisted and some certain substances  reacted to form several new chemical substances by including almost 100 percent energy on lights form
Thrombin is another protein that facilitates coagulation of blood.
Three of these four generations live in spring and summertime.
Three campuses in West Java.
Three big categories soil fertilizing bacteria that have big contribution to soil fertility are Rhizobia, Cyannobacter, and Frankia.
Thousands of different species of birds have been created with all their current physical features in a moment.
Though, the origin went  more mysterious when the AIM satellite was launched in 2007.
Though, the Indian people seem to have to be patient.
Though, some time in the future, polymer as plastic in children?s toys will be replaced by another component, limonin oxide, said Coates.
Though, it is really impressive and amazing that this big universe up to certain limit, could be described, even formulated logically andobjectively.
Though, it did not happen to the dark materials.
Though we encounter different ideas, we cannot own two proofs
Though the public eyes miss it, the business of website selling in Indonesia is quite startling.
Though the doctor doesn?t want to bargain with the accuracy on method being used.
Though still experimental, Mizan Publisher has taken the initiatives to take this opportunity in the beginning of the 2000 millenium.
Though still doubtful about their enthusiasts, more and more cyber bookshops which specialize in selling e-books are becoming easily found.
Though still controversial, the use of human cells in the planting  of skin is safe.
Though its body may sway in the wind, its head remains motionless, which increases the excellence of its vision in spite of all the motion.
Though in a short time, Obama intended first to decrease the oil price in the America by providing more oil reserve.
Though everyone knows the poisonous feature of snakes, almost no one thinks about how this takes place.
Though considerably easier than in machine language, writing long programs in assembly language is often difficult and error prone.
Though arranged by the Indonesian team, all questions are discussed by International team and experts in mathematics, astronomy, physics in order to be more perfect.
Though a newcomer in the motherland, OnBase is optimistic that their products would gain wide market acceptance.
Though  it is of the project of US Defence Department, the internet was used and developed for the purpose of open world academic collaboration by providing networking facilities
Those who makes move more slowly will not get food, while they are deft will hang on.
Those who insist on denying the existence of Allah are certainly incapable of explaining how snakes possess such an extraordinary skill.
Those who can observe and remember will see that the entire universe is only composed of the signs of Allah. This, indeed, is the responsibility of mankind; to be able to see the signs of Allah...
Those varied disasters generate social fragility, among other is hunger threat.
Those types of cellular phones cost about Rp. 400 thousands to Rp. 500 thousand.
Those two buoy, he said are a part of 22 buoy in Tsunami early warning system which plan to be put into India Ocean in Indonesia territorial  
Those things have been a separate science discipline that concentrates on provision of solutions of real life problems.
Those should not be problem anymore if they replace their laptops with Panasonic Toughbook CF-19.
Those satellite fragments will not in big sizes
Those satellite fragments will not danger human because 75 percent of earth surface is covered by water
Those satellite fragments in least probability  fall in civil areas  
Those questions would be more challenging for competitors to be done and solve better.
Those objects falls did not cause any serious accident at all
Those mummies were then kept in the University of Cairo.
Those multicolour almost invisible
Those multicolor emerges in Mercurius surface because the planet is predicted has vulcanic activities
Those genes were a pioneer of  modern couple mutation gene and division which play the role in  modern mammals brain progress
Those five have also opportunity to learn closely the Rusia outer space technology in a week visit.
Those artificial cells are made of polimer.
Those are which related to emotion, every contact, and calmness.
Thomas said the water vapors possibly moved up to such high location.
Thomas Alva Edison succeeded to expand it become electrical bulb in 1878
This, to the wasp, feels like being stuck in an oven and at the end of this the wasp dies.
This, in turn, shows the existence of a Creator, Who designs all creatures at will, sustains the entire creation and holds absolute power and wisdom.
This, however, may not in itself be sufficient.
This, however, is not quite correct, because not all gnats suck blood but only females.
This, again, ensures maximum storage with minimum wax.
This year, it was predicted that the competition?s  level of difficulty would be higher than it has been in the previous years.
This year the US Department of Energy spends US$ 29 millions dollar to learn the process.
This year Garuda can operate the aero planes that allow passengers to use cellular phones freely.
This writing applies a different approach, that is by describing types of penetration testingwhcih can be implemented towards a system.
This would put the insect at a disadvantage against rivals.
This would put it at a disadvantage compared to other members of its own species.
This wool consists of thick and matted hair that not only protects the body of the animal against freezing and burning weather conditions, but also eliminates water loss from the body.
This wonderful process is unquestionably an outcome of Allah's superior creation.
This will help in obtaining oil by creating it less or scarce and causing small bubbles to enlarge and binding.
This will be better if Microsoft or universities can provide directives to students to produce outputs that can be enjoyed by public via this program, he says.
This web browser provides faster and more convenience accesses to various multimedia material because it is equipped with multi processes JavaScript virtual machine.
This weapon works just like a chemical bazooka.
This way, the person receives and perceives his friend's greeting.
This way, the man's picture forms in the visual cortex of the brain.
This way, the exact location of the source is made clear in detail, both with respect to its distance and its orientation.
This way, the eggs stay on the surface of the water in order to inhale oxygen.
This way, muscle movements continue without interruption until an opposite alert signal is delivered through the nerves that control the system.
This way, it saves both time and energy.
This way, a bat could detect the presence of a caterpillar on the floor.
This way the infant is provided with oxygen throughout delivery.
This way is very efficient, with the flexibel business model, we adjust to customer ability.
This way is claimed to be effective in increasing doctor ability in conducting surgery.
This way confusion is avoided early and it, therefore, never reaches any further.
This way become favourite because telephone connection did not come from central location and could call without total connection limitation
This wasp, however, is equipped with special sensors sensitive to the smell of the tarantula.
This wasp feeds and protects its eggs by using the biggest and most poisonous spider on earth called the tarantula.
This was the most importang finding in the South America in 60 years.
This was the first Japanese panda which was born through artificial insemination in the last two decades.
This was said by an expert staff member in Information Technology and Communication of the State Minister of Research and Technology, Engkos Koswara during Workshop on the Efficient Utilization of Open Source Software in Batam, last week.
This was particularly an issue at the time due to the lower refresh rates in use at the time causing flicker, plus the use of less comfortable color schemes than used with most of today's software.
This was once a common phenomenon in single purpose business computers.
This was evidence that birds do not take the decision to start migration according to seasonal conditions.
This was doubly ironical, for Darwin repeatedly toyed with the idea of the inheritance of acquired characteristics and, if it is so dreadful, it is Darwin who should be denigrated rather than Lamarck.
This was actually not the first event that happened to NASA.
This was a serious dead-end for Darwins theory, which tried to base the concept of useful traits on Lamarck.
This was a market potential for industries and consumers
This ware was very effective for research and analyst unicellular.
This ware was designed to research gene which was unable researched by usual chip system, examine thousands of gene at the same of time to mutation or predict symptoms of illness.
This video mode uses full matrix metering to get accurate exposures and, certainly, during the course of recording the video lens can also be zoomed.
This vibration is then transferred to the three bones in the middle ear, where they are converted into mechanical vibrations that travel to the inner ear.
This very powerful main battery should not be confused with the much smaller battery nearly all computers use to run the real time clock and backup BIOS configuration into the CMOS memory when the computer is without power.
This ventilation system is also useful in protecting the hive from smoke and air pollution.
This vaccine might be able to be the important weapon to resist addiction
This vaccine abled to overcome the addict narcotics.
This V formation reduces the air resistance that they encounter.
This unusual biogenic reef formation was possible due to unique hydrological and biogeochemical condition in the crater lake Motitoi, and hydrologically the lake has unique water mass layers.
This unit is formed by japan to invande the china in the year 1937
This type of website usually displays different information depending on the visitor, thus the information is dynamic.
This type of enzyme could be vitamin groups as Vitamin C. Vitamin E and fitochemical compound group.
This type of diet indicates cancer impact deficiency either on animal or human assessment.
This type of attack utilizes the meaning of sent messages.
This trend was in reverse proportion to the figures of 2006.
This treatment is classified to bio acoustics therapy.
This tool has been used by food industries and about 15 million packages have been sold out.
This time, his book talks about the dark hole
This time the egg does not start to develop immediately.
This time birthday is not only assuring the big name of Google, but also a test for the next decade especially from its competitors.
This thread is so strong that it can hold both the spider and its prey.
This tends to limit the use of laptops for gaming and entertainment, two fields which have constantly escalating hardware demands, however, higher end laptops can come with dedicated graphics processors.
This tecnique had been used to analyze astronomy data when the Shoemaker Levy comet impacted to Jupiter surface
This technology makes it possible for us to cure incurable genetic as well as chronic diseases, such as cancer and AIDS.
This technique was the same technique that ever been used in 1996 when cloned a sheep, the first succeeded animal clone
This technique is one day expected to be used to make transplant organs taken from the patients?  body cells so that the commonly encountered body resistence against the transplant organs could be reduced.
This technique had been used to observe magma movements during preparation and eruption phase of Mount Etna from 2001 to 2003
This technique can also be used to monitor several process in the level of cell.
This team swept all the champions in four categories
This team has already developed and tried 2 of 3 needed components out
This Tambunan is planned to be a pilot project of regional library and archive development in Sumatera.
This tactic was at last developed by the German in the Blietzkrieg concept.
This system uses a special 420-pivel RGB sensor for analyzing scene and color information of the subject being photographed.
This system resembles the gyroscope used for navigation in today's aircraft.
This system increases the water?s pouring volume by 50%.
This system helps birds determine their direction by sensing the change in the magnetic field of the earth during their migrations.
This system has yet another interesting feature: in order to activate the trap, the hairs have to be touched twice in succession.
This system has been tested in central office in Sibuya .
This system also provides Zakat Proof of Payment Letters which may be used by ZIS payers as a supporting proof for tax reduction facility of  ZIS payers.
This system also helps to cool down the muscles which function at such high rates as 1000 cycles per second.
This swimming technique is highly appropriate in terms of both speed and durability.
This subsystem functions to distribute electric to places where the electric is used.
This substance was created with enough strength to form the exoskeleton.
This substance is produced only at the location of the wound.
This substance increases the speed of water flow at the hosepipe?s nozzle.
This student of Samarinda Highschool 1 will leave for Bangkok, Thailand on Saturday, 6 September 2008, accompanied by  a teacher-chaperon.
This structure, which enables the animal to firmly grasp the earth, consists of four fatty balls.
This structure works on the principle of the refraction of light, which falls onto the lens and is focused on a point behind the lens inside the interior of the eye.
This structure provides flexibility and lightness for the bones, yet does not cause them to lose a bit of their strength.
This structure is often called a buffer, which is very important to allow cells to influence its micro environment.
This strange creature would never survive, however.
This stimulus is modulated by the energy of the photon, that is, the brightness of light.
This sticky fluid enables it to remain attached to a ceiling.
This stage does not produce energy, but very important for anaerobic cells because this stage regenerates nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide required for glycolisis.
This species of the jumping spider looks so similar to the ants that even the ants think it is one of them.
This special layer protects the plant against the caustic liquid produced by the plant.
This soybean seed was the soybean seed which given additional microbe or Rhizobium bacteria through injection with vacuumization technology
This soybean can be planted with a great number of the harvests
This source code is written in a programming language.
This sonar system in dolphins could not possibly have developed gradually, as claimed by the theory of evolution.
This solution will become an integrated port information center that will increase the effectiveness of port management.
This solution is meant to support the business operationalization of warehouse management to optimize goods availability in accordance with the market demands.
This solution does not only speed up customer data tracking, which has now reached 25,000-30,000 customers, but also accelerate analysis reports, for example, the trend in the problems faced by customers, number of complaints, rate of completion of problem solving, up to the levels of customers? satisfaction.
This software had been a reliable proved before to distinguish the real Mozart?s music with plagiates which its music compositions was different
This skeleton protects the sponge from all kinds of aquatic conditions.
This size is almost similar to the missil owned by Iran.
This situation invalidates the above argument, which has been stated by Darwinism for 140 years.
This situation frequently gives way to clogging with inflexible red blood cells in the delicate tissues of the patients' eyes, which can lead to blindness.
This simple way to make the energy product yielded become unefectif and uneficience
This shows that it is time for the larvae to emerge from this shell.
This sheep was the result or our effort for many years
This shape inspired Sir George Cayley, one of the first experts on aviation.
This service would facilitate all Bank Mandiri customers and Muslims in general to pay their ZIS.
This service is used for payment of bus and train transportation tickets, while for toll road fees, CashCard is used.
This service is really meant to full customers needs and lifestyle who want non-cash transaction services, which customers cellular phones can function as money saving purse that ready to use for transaction easily, fastly, and safely.
This service has got approval from Bank Indonesia for the category of card payment tools.
This semantic web technology innovation can take over Google domination which now is the only search engine used by users to obtain information via web.
This scientific fact was confirmed by scientists who assembled during the World Apiculture Conference held from 20-26 September 1993 in China.
This scenario is presented in evolutionary sources as an established fact.
This scenario has been passed around for 140 years as if it is very scientific and convincing.
This satellite actually will not burn totally when pass atmosphere
This rule attracts ideas dealing with the existence of something with its normative position and leads the ideas to something trancendetal.
This rocket scored extra success record.
This robot can proceed in canals, in which man cannot move, to detect water leakages or make measurements.
This results in a faint permanent image on the screen, even when powered off.
This resulted in degraded resolution due to compromises in the broadcast TV standards used.
This respiratory system works quite differently from ours.
This researcher, which comes from Malang, East Java, said that  many sponsoring foundations considered the commercial side of research
This research result indicates that infertile soil does not contain hopanoid.
This research exactly shows that the dominant cause of the process of ice coverage is the drastic decline of atmospheric carbon dioxide level to the level before the Industrial Revolution at the end of the 18th century.
This reflected light is focused onto the retina flawlessly.
This record was made after a group of scientist led by Arthur was successful in getting to the bottom of Lake Baikal in Siberia, the deepest lake in the world  
This really big size of the universe seems too big for our life in the earth
This really become tragedy for us, said Stated.
This reactor has two parts those are digester as biogas materials digestion place and a home for bacteria, either acid form bacteria or methane form bacteria.
This reactor consisted of one function as digester gas depository each mixed in one space without partition.
This reactive oxygen compound produced physiologically is a logical consequences in the aerobic life.
This reaction is a ekstoterm type that produce energy or hit.
This reaction causes the glass melts down.
This provides evidence for saying that life did not come into existence through random natural processes, but through an act of intelligent creation.
This provides an uninterrupted supply of oxygen for birds, which satisfies their need for high levels of energy.
This proves that the picture which Darwin had described as fatal to the theory is in fact the case.
This proves that the gnat has all its systems intact, that is, it was created.
This proved that the navigational faculty of the bat has no relationship with the sense of vision.
This proved that lutein is active component and important in vision process.
This projector were has small size, so it is more efficient and able to present good quality picture and achievable for any consumer.
This projector ware able to represent the picture with  VGA resolution clearly
This progress is signified by the invention of various technologies, such as genetics engineering, tissue culture, DNA recombinants,                        stem cells breeding, cloning, etc.
This program was meant to prove the reliability of StarOne in providing data services, on top of sound and SMS services, of course, said Guntur S. Siboro, Indosat?s Marketing Director.
This program is cooperation result with Tokyo governance and several related institution such as, police, private company and university which have duty to develop facing identification machine.
This products have been sold commercially worldwide
This production must be neither more nor less than necessary, and has also to start and stop exactly at the required times.
This product is a combination of two types of technology, insuline pump and glucose monitoring
This process yield the gas in form of methane and dioxide carbon and also some gas which is amount minimize like H2, N2< and H2S
This process was then called electrolysis.
This process takes place perfectly even though it would be devastating if only one of the legs were stuck.
This process is shown above with its intermediate stages during the design of the helicopter.
This process is realised in an astonishing harmony and order.
This process is classified become two classification there are dried and wet anaerobic digestion.
This process in fact the part of carbonization process that is the process to get the carbon or charcoal, but some of mentioning at process pirolisis represent the high temperature carbonization HTC more 500 OC
This process has ability to process rubbish or wastes which is too much and useless to be more value products
This process divide three part those are directly combustion , gasification, pirolysis , biochemical.
This probably comes from the oversimplification inevitable in secondary sources.
This principle holds that, since all mating attempts carried out to transform a species into another have been inconclusive, there are strict barriers among different species of living things.
This price is considered to be expensive for a theme price of free CMS.
This prevents the owner of the nest from having any doubts.
This point deserves particular attention, because Allah gives them this skill, so people have no right to be puffed up with pride or arrogant.
This plays a great role in regulating the complex relationships of motherhood and fatherhood.
This plant, since the moment it was created, must have always possessed the features we refer to here.
This plant opens, when the temperature rises to a favourable degree and then starts to close again, when it falls below it.
This places standard ports within easy reach and eliminates the need for another separate hub, camera, microphone, or set of speakers.
This pigment covers the eye and acts as a filter reducing the intensity of light, which enables the fish to see more accurately.
This phenomenon would affect several towers in several states
This phenomenon is reported will happen for days
This phenomenon is recognizing with the bioterorisme term.
This phenomenon could be enjoyed from a observatorium
This period is believed as the latest period before dinosaurs disappeared from the earth about 65 billion years ago.
This performance is maintained even where nearly nine to ten hits are made per second.
This part controls body to follow time symphony for 24 hours
This part can be made by certain depth used stones coals or concretes
This organism included types of lighting insects from beetle species
This organic material degradation is process without oxygen referred as anaerobic digestion the gas yielded by most in the form of methane.
This organel contains most of cell genetic material with long linear molecul DNA form that, together various protein such as histone, forms chromosomes.
This organ sited on the fourth of the fifth section of its body
This organ is embedded in to the cell membrane and enables the bacterium to move at will in a chosen direction at a particular speed.
This organ is designed in such a way that when the animal dives into water, the opening closes automatically with a special cap in order to prevent water from entering.
This optimism comes out of the fact of the brilliant achievements of Unikom robot teams in the selections in Regional II DKI Jakarta, Banten and West Java.
This optical camera records all earth forms for several kilometers along its paths.
This opens the possibility for blood clotting in the constricted part of the artery.
This open source category software can be used freely by anybody, this causes the CMS spread is so fast throughout the world.
This one lamp can hold out more than 30 thousand even reach 100 thousand.
This oil can then be oxidised to become limonin oxide.  This compound is classified as reactive and was used by Coates and his associates as the main component for plastic.
This offer of CDMA, though given more on the economic consideration, gives a new alternative.
This occurs with the assistance of special catalyst.
This observation is conducted to introduce local frogs to the public.
This object was possibly formed of the Oort Cloud core, a huge mass of cloud which was far across of 30 trillion kilometers revolving around the sun.
This number was the first selling record which could reach 5 million units since July 2007.
This number is one of the fundamental and unchanging indices in nature, which is approximately expressed as 6.626x10-34.
This number is generally small enough to be considered negligible.
This number increases to fifteen to twenty in smaller species of woodpeckers, one of which is the green woodpecker.
This number increased 20 % compare to the capital that was given to Water Electric Power Station
This not only improves the rapid movement of the insects but also decreases the impact of external blows.
This news relies from the information if PSP 3000 will have LCD with wider color span and 5 times contrast ratio than PSP 2000.
This new system was first practical application of Nano technological DNA structure with used DNA completeness to produce a different Nano structure.
This new product is intended for they who are very mobile and always want to be connected everywhere.
This new mechanism can describe something that cannot be explained by mechanisms offered before.
This new family consists of 103 species found in the tropical and dry regions in North Africa, Middle East, South and North America and the Carribean.
This new company has the ambition of building a world-class game industry.
This new cell grows in the rabbit's cell and after a month it can reproduce excellently.
This new born baby panda would only make its public appearance three months from now, said Ishikawa.
This nerve is connected to other areas of body as chest, where its impulse can be accepted by electrode in artificial arm.
This needs to be maintained so be used for respiration of the heart?s muscles in order that the heart can continue to pump blood to the entire parts of the body.
This natural scientist was Charles Robert Darwin, and the theory he formulated is known as Darwinism.
This natural curiosity has led to the development of advanced tools and skills; humans are the only extant species known to build fires, cook their food, clothe themselves, and use numerous other technologies.
This multi-component system would not work with one of its components missing.
This motion of wings is facilitated by a complex joint structure.
This motion is made possible by the main muscles.
This mortar is water-resistant and is very firm against the corrosive effect of water.
This moment, right at the start of Earth's Cambrian Period, some 550 million years ago, marks the evolutionary explosion that filled the seas with the world's first complex creatures.
This moment is extremely important.
This Microsoft innovation is considered to be the first product to watch regular office workers.
This microbe was gotten from the soil
This method of size measurement dates from the early days of CRT television when round picture tubes were in common use, which only had one dimension that described display size.
This method of multitasking is sometimes termed time sharing since each program is allocated a slice of time in turn.
This method is still used with video game consoles.
This method is not new one in the literature of computer security engineering.
This method is dangerous and impractical, so we use a purple ray lamp to attract insects.
This method has been commonly known in critical systems as nuclear reactor, factory controlling system, and others.
This method cuts down the energy required.
This metathesis reaction has been used for long in organic synthesis, especially in petrochemical industry.
This mental capability, combined with an erect body carriage that frees their upper limbs for manipulating objects, has allowed humans to make far greater use of tools than any other species.
This mechanism in cuttlefish is highly complex.
This meant that there was no correlation between the moth population and the tree trunks as claimed by Kettlewell and repeated by almost all evolutionist sources.
This meant that the only serious claim of a transitional form between fish and amphibians had been demolished.
This meant that it was absolutely impossible for animal breeders to convert cattle into a different species by mating different variations of them, as Darwin had postulated.
This means that, if so many companies issued cards, it is afraid that users would have to carry many cards so their wallets might get thicker.
This means that we have to reject that sentence of Darwin's which begins If my theory be true.
This means that the animal does not build its dam by throwing branches in the water at random, but in a carefully planned manner.
This means an increase in the volume of the cell and, thus, in the amount of honey stored.
This may be a simple and normal phenomenon for you, but biochemists have shown through their research that this actually is the result of a very complicated system at work.
This matter will assist the economic which is become extravagant the effect of budged subsidize the oil fuel which is amount exceed the others budged sector.
This matter is intended to make the plant has similar environmental adaptation character with the plant which inseminated into chromosome of the plant.
This matter is first step to beef up the safety to face summer Olympic in 2016
This matter become main topic in talk show little of biotechnology.
This material type can be produced through processing of silica, which is abundant in Indonesia, using nano technology.
This material is far superior to materials developed by modern technology.
This mark is designed to help those who take a half dose.
This Malaysian Telekom owned company set a new price of Rp 0,1 per second for users of XL Bebas for calling to numbers belonging to all operators in Indonesia, be it to XL numbers or numbers belonging to other operators, and a special price of Rp 35 per SMS,  
This makes propolis an ideal substance for embalming.
This made the connector nearly painless for users of both technologies.
This loss is balanced by the continuous production of new cells.
This logic is clearly totally unfounded.
This liquid neutralises the enzyme that causes the clotting of blood.
This limitation is caused by the lack of authors who would allow to have their books made in digital version which can be freely downloaded by the readers.
This length of time is a sidereal year, which is equal to 365.26 solar days.
This leaves no evolutionary intermediates and forces us to rethink the genesis of bilaterian complexity.
This leap usually takes place in a convoluted environment of plants.
This leads to the important fact that entire programs can be represented as lists of numbers and can themselves be manipulated inside the computer just as if they were numeric data.
This leads to an imbalance of charge across the membrane, which stimulates the nerve cells connected to these cells, forming what we refer to as an electrical impulse.
This lead content that gives brightness to cut glasses.
This law helps explain the current positions of the earth, moon and planets.
This laughing gas was invented by Joseph Priestley in 1772.
This last phase differs from the previous four in that God moulds the nymph into a flying creature through a wonderful transformation.
This lamp use the corps LED, solid goods as the source of light so its not easy to break when it fallen down or its bulb is break.
This lamp need the mercury vafour to yield the ultraviolet rays.
This lamp come from semiconductor substance, so its not produced from carbon substance
This laboratory was even protected by a control acess.
This kind of guided missiles were never used in wars as World War I ended before these missiles could be used.
This kind of guided missiles is usually powered by one or more rockets using solid or liquid fuels.
This kind of guided missiles can detect targets by the use of  infrared or laser tracker radars.
This kind of grenade is designed to confuse or distract the enemy?s attention for a few seconds.
This kind of grenade has white phosphor as its filler.
This kind of grenade can melt metals that come into contact with it.
This kind of food was laid aside as it got the label of primitive food and was regardesd as asymbil of poverty.
This kind of book can only be read with the help of certain media such as computers, PDAs or special sets of electronic books readers.
This kind of bombs is a favorite among terrorists, guerilla fighters and murderers as cars can carry a large amount of explosives without raising suspicion.
This journey inside the nerves continues until reaching the hearing centre in the brain.
This journal also informed even at label printed contains flavonol, but chocolate fans had to think the other contents.
This issue was being studied in progress in some states such as Australia, New Zealand, Japan and Canada.
This issue is common to all monitor technologies with 3 color channels.
This is why when we run or do other high-energy activities, our faces become red.
This is why they regularly visit the surface.
This is why these tubes rise to the surface of the water prior to the change of skin.
This is why the Swiss evolutionary paleoanthropologist Stefan Bengtson, who confesses the lack of transitional links while describing the Cambrian Age, makes the following comment.
This is why the lungs of birds are created upon a much different design.
This is why the albatross encounters stronger currents at higher altitudes.
This is why scientists usually label the bird's head a gyro-stabilised head.
This is why oxygen has to be carried from the lungs to the cells.
This is why it is impossible for small mutations to cause some formations on the body of a dragonfly to evolve into a flight mechanism.
This is why it is considered that the fundamental science that can shed light on the matter is paleontology, the science of the study of fossils.
This is why Henry Gee, the editor of Nature, considers this scenario as an unscientific story.
This is why heat is evenly distributed throughout the body, which is facilitated solely by the circulatory system.
This is why Allah is not ashamed to make the example of a gnat or of an even smaller thing.
This is truly the newest initial phonecard from Telkomsel, it has no relation to the regular As card, probably, it is only the tariff that is similar.
This is true for all other versions of the fish-amphibian scenario, which differ according to the candidates that are chosen to be the transitional forms.
This is to maintain the heat balance.
This is to anticipate for diagnostic errors which may happen to a healthy man who is pronounced to have cancer and asked to undergo chemotherapy and biopsy, which  may actually harm his/her life.
This is the shape that has the largest surface possible with the smallest volume.
This is the role of transmission subsystem
This is the responsibility of albumin, which is larger than the pores in the artery wall and numerous enough in the blood to suck up the water like a sponge.
This is the reason why security guards often check the lower outer parts of cars using a wide mirror attached to a stick.
This is the first opportunity for East Kalimantan to demonstrate her achievement in the fild of Physics.
This is the essence of programmability.
This is the cause of making the licopen content in cooked tomatoes are more than the fresh tomatoes.
This is the beginning af a chemical experiments to develop the tool to help person who has chicken pox diseases.
This is the answer to be given to the evolutionist story of Industrial Melanism.
This is roughly equivalent to more power than a conventional TV set utilises.
This is put forward as the most concrete example of evolution observed, in textbooks, magazines, and even academic sources.
This is practiced especially for famous people.
This is part of the means by which software like video games may be made available for different computer architectures such as personal computers and various video game consoles.
This is one of electric characteristics viewed from production point
This is nothing but a manifestation of God's endless knowledge, wisdom and might.
This is not the only example.
This is not the kind of hand grenade, as it cannot be activated by the hand only.
This is not surprising as NASA did not install antivirus softwares on the laptops taken by their astronauts.
This is not state region to regulate information current
This is meant to make these recipient plants have similar environmentally-adaptive characteristics as the plants whose gen is injected into the chromosome of the recipient plants.
This is made possible because the bees which visited the flower earlier marked it by leaving a drop on it with a special scent.
This is known as the arboreal theory.
This is indeed the concept of mobile advertising from Telkomsel.
This is how they still have 0.
This is far more than the number of changes that occurred in any one of the transitions involving the origin of the fifteen major groups of Paleozoic tetrapods.
This is exactly a suicide attack since the internal organs of the creature are fatally damaged and the creature dies shortly thereafter.
This is different from what Ufuk and Mizan Publishers do, they have started producing e-books now.
This is conveyed by the Assistant to the Deputy for the Development and Utilization of Information Technology, Kemal Prihatman in Jakarta.
This is clearly nonsense.
This is clear scientific proof that all these creatures were actually created.
This is called the Harvard architecture after the Harvard Mark I computer.
This is called the flow of control within the program and it is what allows the computer to perform tasks repeatedly without human intervention.
This is because they dive with lungs not full of air but empty.
This is because there is a certain goal, which is to transport people and cargo.
This is because the former is based on functionality but the latter on form, and function oriented designs are more complicated.
This is an opportunity for local developers to show their capabilities, said Engkos.
This is an indication that the birds are inspired and directed by a superior power.
This is an incredible altitude considering the fact that even at 5,000 metres the atmosphere is 63% less dense than at sea level.
This is an evident sign of creation for men of understanding.
This is also true for the work of the termites and other animals.
This is achieved by having the computer switch rapidly between running each program in turn.
This is accomplished by rapidly displaying varying colors to wake up the stuck pixels.
This is accomplished by a tubular receptors.
This is a concrete manifestation of reformation in bureaucracy.
This is a causing result of the research at this category need the time which long enough to be able to come up whit the phase implementation.
This is a biggest strangeness in managing intellectual wealth equity which prevail in the world.
This is a  artificial pancreas which is able to monitor blood sugar level in insuline to fit the body
This Iran effort was a part of mission to be high-tech technology country in West Asia in 2025
This invention will bring in worries about the increased number of infection diseases which cannot be overcome since there are many bacteria immune towards present antibiotics, even after some medicines are newly found.
This interpretation process was relatively simple by putting the seismogram graphics which show time and vibration intensities around the volcano on the tunes system to be interpreted  as bar notes
This interesting system provokes many questions: how is that the fourth of every four generations lives six months longer.
This instrument will be installed around 50 miles off the island of komodo at the depth of 2,450 meters.
This instrument is expected to help physically disabled people or people with other disabilities use computers freely.
This instrument is capable of sending an early warning 15 minutes before the sea waves reach the land.
This insight also functions as a compulsory knowledge for those who want to perform the security system testing, especially for their security system upgradings.
This innovation was later refined by Herman Hollerith who, in 1896 founded the Tabulating Machine Company which became IBM.
This ink surprises their predators for a few seconds, which is usually enough for them to escape.
This information is useful in many things
This indicates that it is time for the first change of skin.
This indicates that Greenland?s ice layer started to form three million years ago.
This indicates a big trust of companies in Indonesia to Microsoft?s solution.
This indicated that there was protection effect by this carotenoid to cataract.
This incredible method shows us that the reproductive system of this wasp is specially created in accordance with the nature of the tarantula.
This increase is a little bit lower than last year.
This incident was very much deplorable and we will take measures to regain the data and make sure that a similar case will not happen again.
This idea challenges the possibility of representing the world perfectly with language, because it acknowledges that the mechanisms of any language condition the thoughts of its speaker community.
This hydrogen powered energy has strong characteristics, such as transportable, environmentally friendly and highly efficient.
This hybrid gene was not really same with its ancient gene, but at least described the same function
This hole enables rainwater to leak into the nest and keep the organic substances wet.
This has to be changed as insects are also a source of protein, according to the Head of Institute of Research, and Community Service LP3M Santo Thomas Catholic University, Posman Sibuea in Medan.
This has led them to accept the existence of a superior Owner of Wisdom Who rules over nature.
This has brought about newer programming languages that are more abstracted from the underlying hardware.
This has always impressed scientists.
This guided missile flew straight for a predetermined span of time, then it detached its wings, and flew straight to pierce the ground.
This guided misiles are controlled only during launching.
This grenade takes the form of a hexagonal iron tube with holes for  releasing  explosion and sound.
This grenade does not need oxygen for the burning process and it can burn in the water.
This glass usually has silica content around 55% and low alkali.
This glass type has low thermal expansion coefficient and is more resistant to shock and has high chemical stability and high electric resistivity.
This glass is very important in optic field because it has high refraction and dispersion indexes.
This glass is used to manufacture all types of glass plates and glassware.
This glass is suitable as nuclear radiation shield.
This glass is frequently named as quartz glass.
This glass is also very transparent to ultraviolet radiation.
This glass is also used in big number in bulb manufacturing.
This glass has characteristics of low expansion value and high melting point.
This generation, which lives a two-month life span extended to eight months, is no different from the three earlier generations in other respects.
This generation will live six months longer than the others will, and the chain will continue in the same way.
This gas-filled grenade is filled with tear gas, usually Chlorobenzol malononitrile.
This gas will eventually threat the persistence of the environment as it is classified as a green house gas which will at last cause global warming on earth.
This gas mixture is environmental friendly than the other rocket fuels and not easily vaporized.
This gas is mostly produced by the burning of fosil fuels, such as crude oils, natural gas or coal.
This fruit is originally formed on the branch of a tree, which is, in fact, a mass of wood.
This frees up time for other programs to execute so that many programs may be run at the same time without unacceptable speed loss.
This free pollution gas can be flowed via pipes and sent to settlements and big cities.
This fossil was successfully found from diggings in Lisowice suburb, located 200 kilimeters from Warsaw.
This flow creates a vortex helping the up-lift force of the wings clapping.
This flight showed that the bat is able to detect obstacles of as little as 3/128-inch 0.6 mm thickness.
This flight formation is so efficient that they save about 23% of their energy.
This flexible substance works better than shock-absorbers in automobiles.
This flexible battery used paper which was implanted electrolyte and carbon nanotube.  
This fish neither chases its enemy nor does it lurk secretly to dash upon them.
This findings gave us an answer for much hesitations about how fast dinosaurs grow
This finding supported a theory that dinosaurs characters were more resemble to aves and reptiles
this finding stimulates the advance of oral vaksin and diagnostic tool to infected disease.             
This finding rereveals the idea about unmeaningless universe.
This finding can answer the needs of why peeling and slicing onions make ice irritated and caused tears.
This field stimulates complex topics which are studied by scientist since years ago
This feeding system is very remarkable and it is obviously a special product of creation.
This feeding continues until the acorn falls from the branch, which is the signal for the larva that it is time to leave.
This fast train program is actually a program that has been established by the Chinese Government for sometime.
This fantastic service takes a long time to realised waiting for the construction of stable telephone network and green light from telecommunication operators
This family includes the lobsters, the prawns and the shrimp.
This fact, which demolishes the foundations of the theory of evolution, also worried Darwin, who wrote.
This fact is manifest in every detail.
This fact is a scientific proof that they were created.
This fact becomes crucial consideration in modern thougth, that is, that this universe including us exists with the intense to be figured out.
This fact again reveals the nonsense in the theory of evolution's assertion of ?step by step development?.
This eye structure is a real wonder of design.
This extremely fragile body is secured with ties that stretch from the previous creature.
This extreme condition is needed to maintain the high insolubility of polymer in the solution during synthesis and stirring.
This extraordinary situation brings the following questions to mind: How could the bird know how much fat is needed.
This explosion in the future will disturb the way of the sensitive electronic signal system, especially cellphone and GPS. Experts said that the solar storm spraying activities increase continuously every period and the top will be in 2011 or 2012
This experiment caused level of death about 70%
This experience, together with the different finch species he observed in the Galapagos Islands, contributed to the formulation of his theory.
This evolutionary model of Lamarck's was invalidated by the discovery of the laws of genetic inheritance.
This event is like the dying of a deflated balloon.
This event certainly attracted the interest of Japanese public which also a maritime country.
This event can also be observed in dust storms or other wind whirls.
This even applies not only to sound communication but also to data communication, which is known more as internet access.
This essay will try to help you enhance the strength of the passwords that you use.
This equipment costs US$ 300, according to Logitech, can replace the position of CD player.
This equipment can generate electricity of 354 MW.
This equipment breakdowns the mineral until nanometer size.
This enzyme should create a problem for the gnat, because the body should also react to the hole opened by the gnat, causing the blood at this spot to clot immediately and the wound to be repaired.
This engineering miracle is achieved by the collective work of thousands of bees.
This engineering company, which is located in Palo Alto, California, the US, places only eight command buttons on the roof of the mouth    which is easily reached by the tongue.
This engine can produce more energy and it is more efficient than other engines.
This energy will be used in motor vehicles, laptops, cellular phones, household appliances and large power plants.
This energy is the cheapest to use.
This energy is basically a tool for converting electrochemical energy.
This energy is a form of alternative energy, which will be developed in the future, and could become energy replacement for oil fuels.
This enables the phosphodiesterase protein to cut yet another molecule resident in the cell, called cGMP.
This eliminates the need for a giant pump to continually pump oxygen.
This element was ever proposed to be used as steam turbine mover fluid and heat-electro generator using magnetohydrodynamic principle.
This element since the 18th century has been recognized as laughing gas or happiness gas.
This element must be stored in dry mineral oil.
This element is found in stars and plays important role in generating the universe?s energy source through protons reaction and carbon nitrogen cycle.
This element is also found altogether with cesium in pollucite deposit in Bernic Lake.
This electronic tongue consists of small sensor which can change colors in accordance with certain taste target.
This electricity generator discards energy two times than the energy generated.
This elastic material is located at the base of the large hind legs of the animal in tiny pads.
This effort was funded by ARPA, and the computer network that it produced was called the ARPANET.
This drum can make a move up and down that function to kept gas a result of fermentation digester.
This does not affect its brain in any way, which is the size of a cherry.
This does however mean the screen needs frequent cleaning due to image degradation from fingerprints.
This DNA repairment system works non-stop, and if only minor damage exists on DNA, the repairment system will be able to overcome it and doing repairement.
This DNA repairment system is very important considering mutation always happens in DNA of body cell.
This distance may at times be more than 100 km.
This discovery was reported in an international symposium and would be published.
This discovery deals yet another fatal blow to the theory of evolution's claim that living things develop from the primitive to the complex.
This discharge trigger the land ground base dwindle in the balance so that generate the damage hole of structure like train band, roadway, and houses.
This difficulty for a long time quite confounded me.
This differential evolution and dispersal, too, must have required a previous history of the group for which there is no fossil record.
This device typically adds half a kilogram to the overall transport weight of the equipment.
This determines the pitch of an individual's voice: the tenser the cords, the higher the pitch.
This detection is so sensitive as to perceive a temperature increase of 1/300 in the heat of the setting.
This design was first formally described by John von Neumann in the paper First Draft of a Report on the EDVAC, distributed in 1945.
This design was developed by themselves
This design improves the strength of the bird's structure.
This debate is analogous to that surrounding the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis in linguistics, that postulates that a particular language's nature influences the habitual thought of its speakers.
This data is relayed to National Center for Tsunami Early Warning System of the Agency of Meteorology and Geophysics.
This dark colour provides protection for the larvae by preventing them from being noticed by other insects and birds.
This dance, repeated many times by the bee, includes all the information about the inclination, direction, distance and other details of the food source that enable other bees to reach it.
This dance is actually a figure 8 constantly repeated by the bee see picture above.
This dance is a means of expression, which it uses to tell the other bees the location of the flowers.
This Creator, the owner of superior knowledge and power, is God.
This cooperation covers 38 countries and more than 400 millions customers in Europe, the United States, Asia, and Australia.
This conflict did not just between BioArts and Bio RNL, but also between Hwang and Lee.
This condition is not condussive for software industries and investment in Indonesia as well
This condition has started now.
This condition has expunged the possibility of marine microbiota existence in general, however, in contrast ample structures of limestone reef constituted by red algae, serpulid, and foram are found.
This conclusion is made on the basis of computer modeling which combines data on ocean and atmospher circulations, and research on the growth of ice in Greenland.
This conclusion based on the result analysis of the giant fossile
This concern was once discussed in an international conference in Russia.
This computer which is designed by Shimafuji Corporation, Japan is probably the smallest computer at this time.
This compound was used for butter coloring before its carcinogen characteristic was known.
This compound looks like wax.
This compound is known as butter yellow coloring.
This compound is a biological precursor, dissynthesis of varied bacteria as membrane stabilizer component and found a lot in soil and sediment.
This complex system is full of examples of unparalleled design that the theory of evolution cannot explain.
This competition is an arena for testing the ability among students in Asia, so that we have to pray for and support this student from Samarinda.
This command is similarly transferred through nerve cells and triggers a series of other complicated processes.
This coating was made up of two rubber layers and between the layers were bubbles similar to the skin cells of the dolphin.
This cloud is often called as polar mesosphere one since it is often seen in either north pole or south pole.
This classification, known as taxonomy, or systematics, goes back as far as the eighteenth-century Swedish scientist Carl von Linn, known as Linnaeus.
This characteristic is caused by negative ions that bind easily with positive ions from a metal.
This characteristic allows rubidium to be used in super thin battery application and other application.
This century?s energy need is an essential need amidst the depletion of the existing natural resources.
This case explain in the reality that biological weapon become the effect to Uni Soviet.
This capability is very ideal for large scale mapping project.
This cannot be explained in terms of evolution, which asserts that reptiles evolved gradually from amphibians.
This cannon should be able to be used to fight other tanks, so attempts are made to make it as strong and large as possible, and this means that it is sufficient for a tank to have only one cannon but it has to be a very strong cannon.
This can be a problem where good color matching to non-RGB images is needed.
This calculation is usually based on the number of our website links in other places.
This Buoy is a part of development Tsunami early warning system in Indonesia will watch over hundreds million of people lived all along the beach.
This breakthrough promises provision of transplant organs suited to the needs of patients with heart, kidney or other organs failures.
This BPPT-made tsunami early detector was previously installed south of the Sunda strait.
This book is written to draw attention to some of the subjects that we are advised to ponder in the Qur?an.
This book can never adequately show the innumerable signs of Allah, nor can any other work.
This body protection system is also composed of protein.
This body is a blessing to us from God, a single cell of which we cannot even reproduce.
This blocks the movement of the positively charged sodium atoms.
This biochemical adjustment unique to dolphins and whales is, of course, evidence of deliberate design.
This behaviour resembles the tightening of fists before a fight.
This becomes a requirement for officials in Sragen for promotion to higher ranks.
This beak which is as sensitive as a thermometer.
This battery can also be integrated with various things, even with creatures
This bank was very care to development of alternative energy since Chernobyl tragedy in 1986.
This bactericide bacteria-killing property of honey is named the inhibition effect.
This bacteria wouldl infect roots system of the plants and live by forming root nodules
This bacteria will compose rubbis to hydrolisis level and assidification
This bacteria was main capital for natural fertilizer development as Nitrogen fertilizer substitute
This attack is aimed at software frailness, gaps available at cryptography algorithm or protocol.
This assessment confirms that we face a very different material, which we never imagine.
This assertion is stressed even in the title of the book in which Darwin proposed his theory.
This artificial cell can take medicine directly to needing places.
This approach contains mean value taking process.
This application, which are called MAINS, can also be developed further using RFID and be integrated into ERP.
this application records visual information through camera and proceeds it to electronic signal, then it is sent wirelessly to the implant electrode.
This application offers collective product delivery consolidation, so that the burden of transportation can be made effective and efficient, and the delivery can be carried out on time, without the parties involved having to wait for the delivery quota of each of the enterprises.
This application is reasonable enough to be developed to draw near the needs of the industry and research in labs.
This antioxidant activity works by counter fighting lipid peroxide and the danger of LDL cholesterol and UV oxidation, and helping sight, immune response, reproduction and pigmentation for algae.
This animal was new species of dinosaur which has never been found.
This also makes them more natural and sticky compared to polymers in general, such as polyethilene.  
This also extends the service life of the monitor.
This allows the camel to use the minimum of water.
This allows a dragonfly to hover, go backward, or quickly change direction.
This allowed each of the three primary colors to have four different states off, soft, medium, and bright resulting in 64 colors.
this activity spread out big electric particles radiation which could reach earth
This activity is really pushed me to keep trying in giving the best and increasing my capability.
This actifities in generate causr the damage, intimidate or kohersy and its usually related to the threat public panic.
This 6th contest held outside Japan was aimed at participants from member countries of ABU Asia-Pasific Broadcasting Union which has more than 100 members comprising of television and radio stations in  50 countries.
This 66-year-old lady is able to offer a new color in  the US diplomacy through a different approach from the Middle East to Africa
This 5 billion rupiah instrument was considered unsuited to the dynamics of Sunda strait waters.
Thirty hornets attacking a hive can exterminate about 30,000 bees in three hours.
Thin ring composed of the particles and located between rings that have been known.
Thick ice sheet has started to cover the terrestrial surface since three million years ago altogether with carbon dioxide change in the atmosphere.
They, however, do not bother to drive these stakes into the streambed, but fix these stakes in the water by weighing them down with stones.
They would possibly shake the shovel again so that the soil samples fell down easily.
They will see by themselves how the Rusia outer space technology is developed from the beginning.
They will keep interacting, involved in various programs, and will keep tracking each other project progress, sharing lessons to inspire and extend the network of climate prevention initiators.
They will be bemused to find no plant?s response to gyberelline application.
They who were buried there included 20 warriors that died at the Archaic period in 540 - 480 BC.
They were taught to be ungreedy and aware of nature sustainability as well.
They were sure that they just planted rice during plowing comet or rainy season came.
They were really too stubborn to get our addresses, a resident protested.
They were cold-blooded and their bodies were covered in scales.
They used technique which included ovum hole which is injected a nucleus cell from a donor then to be cloned with two men skin cells
They use common technique called soft litography.
They use an oil-gland located at the base of their tails for the maintenance of their feathers.
They unquestionably do what they do, not because they employ logic such as we have to guarantee the continuity of our species, but from the affection and mercy Allah granted to them.
They understand that all these subtleties could not have been formed by coincidence.
They typically were quite large and offered 3.5 and 5.25 storage bays, one to three expansion slots and a host of connectors.
They then create waves in a special fluid inside a snail shell-like structure called the cochlea.
They tear the attacker's bodies into pieces.
They take refuge and solace in window-dressing, showing how light-colored moths evolved into dark-colored ones.
They stated that they did not observe recognition level, but merely to know the birds? responses to their owned shadows.
They start vibrating their bodies and increase their body temperatures.
They spend more time to do internet than take care of their families.
They soar by increasing airflow on their wings and they can remain suspended in sufficiently powerful air currents.
they simply imagine that the evidence exists.
They shall be more bemused when managed to isolate genes relating to gyberelline function and found no sequential difference than normal plant.
They say that the partial immunity to malaria by those with the illness is a gift of evolution.
They said that the technology is hoped to be able to measure the density of passengers who pass the entrance.
They rely more on tubular secretion for eliminating excess or waste solutes.
They put this wax into their mouths, and chew and process it until it softens enough and so give it shape in the cells.
They provide little evidence of their specific ancestry and no evidence of earlier stages in the origin of flight.
They produce a substance called propolis with which they carry out the embalming process.
They prefer not to have access to household energy sources, such as gas and electricity, than set away from the internet.
They pour a special liquid over the food by means of their proboscis, which puts the food in the proper degree of consistency for absorption.
They planned to creat genetic filter machine which can reduced metana gas production
They owe their lives not to their parents, as generally supposed, but to Allah Who created their parents as well as them.
They only cause abnormalities like a leg sticking out of the back, or an ear from the abdomen.
They often have screens around 10.6 and weigh less than 1 to 2 kg, as opposed to full size laptops with 14.1 or 15.4 screens that typically weigh 2 kg or more.
They often feature thousands of CPUs, customized high speed interconnects, and specialized computing hardware.
They observed the season outside.
They now have stored enough energy to return to North America.
They not only carry the oxygen, but also release it wherever it is necessary, e.g. in a working muscle cell.
They need to live exactly this long to complete their journey and return.
They must compete in primitive bacteria and virus world to survive on terrestrial and to evolve.
They modify what preexists, but they do so in disorder, no matter how?.
They means of showing the infinite knowledge and might of their Creator.
They mate at the end of March before setting out to their journey.
They managed to isolate a very strong acid but unharmful if stored in glass.
They make use of chemicals called nitroalkane as poisons.
They make damp cellars under the nest as a protection against excessive heat.
They lose water continuously but replace it by drinking seawater and then desalting it.
They look for alone and no one supervise them.
They leave groups of eggs on the rocks and plants of the tropical lakes or rivers.
They just have to submit a letter of intent which is supplemented with a copy of the decree of the Minister of Religious Affairs stating the institution?s status as an institution of Amil and Zakat.
They involve actively in their communities and highly committed.
They invariably describe creatures that lived in prehistory and their fossil remains in terms of Darwinian concepts.
They hunt during the day but eat their kill at night.
They hope they could identify whether they are a star or two stars.
They have started to develop new models by referring to the examples in nature.
They have realised with some astonishment that there is a great difference between the techniques they use and the perfect techniques used in nature.
They have few if any technological parallels yet.
They have extraordinary abilities to manoeuvre because of a very interesting system.
They have been established to play as software for news portal need.
They had to work hard to operate the firework manually.
They had calculated the exact time to intensify agricultural activities.
They grew as fast as big aves and mammals
They found ice thickness in the north pole in summer 2007 was 1.3 meters.
They found 43 tombs from 650-279 BC, stated the Cultural Ministry of Greece.
They follow a certain order and form a V shape in the air.
They fly in tight circles in order to balance uplift with gravitational forces.
They find hippocampus and grey brain materials function as box memories
They facilitate com-munication between organs and cells by means of chemical messages.
They explained how to make polymer using limonene oxide as new supporting molecules and carbon dioxide, using catalysts in their research in a laboratory.
They do not understand the risks
They do not understand computer, they believe in what mentioned as computer
They do not know any available threats
They do it to conceal the facts and deny the crystal-clear creation.
They do also reduce light output.
They discovered that some bats travelled as far as 30-45 miles 50-70 kilometres from the cave.
They demonstrate significantly higher efficiency in energy consumption than do land animals.
They constitute three different types of muscles called longitudinal, circular and radial.
They collect flower pollens and the constituents of honey within a range of eight hundred meter of the hive.
They clean and polish their feathers by means of this oil, which also provides water proofing when they are swimming, diving or walking and flying in rain.
They claimed the operation was the first transplantation of arm in the world.
They claimed that little  human resource out put would fulfill the needs of railway station?s electrical consumption in the future.
They claimed that it was a good step in developing stem cell benefits scientifically
They claimed has just succeeded to modify a life become another life through chromosome reconstruction
They carve their nests in living healthy trees, which takes carving skills just as great as those of carpenters.
They cannot live more than a few minutes out of water.
They can continuously make use of different thermals to sustain their soaring over very large areas for very long times.
They can attack and chase their prey at high speeds.
They came there to look for water to drink in the location which was a swamp  near the sea.
They build the dam in such a way that it keeps the water at the desired level and leaves special canals for excess water to run through.
They build surprising nests that tower above the ground, which are in themselves wonders of architecture.
They belonged to absitus Diadectes Orobates pabsti of which fossils were found in Tambach Formation in central Germany.
They believed that their discovery would add in a more accurate way to house lizard family tree, which in turn would enable scientists to understand how sticky the development of house lizard?s sole of foot.
They believe that living things have body clocks that help them to know the time in a closed environment and to differentiate seasonal changes.
They assume that the Qur?an protects those who read it from misfortune and trouble.
They are yet faced with the problem that the running water might take this mass of branches away.
They are usually worn by military or police personnel in certain tasks.
They are often a larger, bulkier laptop.
They are not complementary to one another, nor are they cumulative in successive generations toward a given direction.
They are individuals whose aim is to destroy a critical  infra structure system for certain purposes, and they belong to those people who are not afraid of being jailed for more than 30 years for their digital activities.
They are capable of displaying 32-bit grayscale at 1024x768 resolution, making them able to interface with modern computers.
They are also interested in integrating the battery with creatures.
They are also interested in house lizards because these animals have sticky soles of foot, which allow them to climb rough or smooth surfaces, a specific characteristic which may have an implication on human beings in the fields of medicine, emergency aid services and military industries.
They are also called digital security analyst.
They are already widely divergent morphologically, and are heavily armored.
They appear in the fossil record looking much the same as when they disappear.
They analyzed more than 250 fossil samples taken from sediment deposits which were formed layer by layer every year at Suigetsu Lake in Japan.
They always harm the creatures, leading to deadly sicknesses in most cases.
They also stimulated the heart to start pumping by streaming pressurized liquid into the heart, simulating blood circulation in the body.
They also reported that heterosexual is more attracted to person whose face looks like his/her parents from the opposite sex.
They also need a special instinct, namely the sexual instinct, which makes reproduction attractive.
They also exchange information about species, age, size and gender.
They agreed on several initiatives to serve around 180 millions customers in 11 country members of their alliance.
These writers say that they have lost hope of constructing such evolutionary family trees.
These wrinkled body parts of the insect are inflated by pumping body fluid after getting out through the slot.
These would be needed not only for evolution to greater complexity, but also to offset the downward pull of the many harmful mutations.
These wings, that are halfway merged in the body and are comprised of a very thin membrane intersected by veins, can be operated independently from one another.
These well-arranged squares are in fact the ends of tiny square tubes forming a structure resembling a honeycomb.
These valves reduce the flow of blood significantly, and the giraffe can safely drink and raise its head.
These two spots resemble the ants eyes.
These two neurons work in such complete synchrony that a minute deviation in the reflected signals alerts the latter and provide the frequency of the call to be in tune with the frequency of the echo.
These two factors furnish penguins with a body temperature of +40o C that makes them indifferent to cold.
These two concepts have appeared in biology books for quite some time.
These tiny animals use the hexagonal form innately, just because they are taught and inspired so by their Lord.
These ties are created to have ideal transparency and flexibility.
These termites are like walking bombs due to their anatomy and behaviour.
These technologies have largely replaced the older nickel metal hydride batteries.
These tanks are made for breaking into enemy?s defence, together with the infantry.  
These systems and organs are composed of a great number of parts cooperating together, and are of no use if even one of these parts is missing or defective.
These structures are at one and the same time very advanced, and very different.
These steams is used as turbine motor to produce electric energy
These stations were very large and quite expensive.
These spongy structures give eggs added flexibility and increase their resistance to impact.
These spider web wrinkles only can be found in Mercurius
These speeds are equivalent to humans travelling at the speed of thousands of miles per hour.
These special signals are taken to the visual cortex in the brain.
These sounds, which are over 20,000 hertz cycles per second, are inaudible to human beings.
These solutions are potencially applicable to be used to manage 141 sea ports spreading all around Indonesia.
These soldiers can also synthesise and store insecticide chemicals.
These softwares will organise how customers? and sales division?s data is directly synchronized with the data in the marketing and customer services divisions.
These so-called parabronchi eventually join up together again, forming a true circulatory system so that air flows in one direction through the lungs?.
These similar meter can be applied for organism include human being.
These signals are carried to the motor cells that cause the petals to make sudden moves, and finally the mechanism is activated to swallow the fly.
These services were pioneered in collaboration with PT Bank Mandiri.
These sensors are sensitive to fish's own discharge and they work to map the surroundings.
These rockets which were called load-test rockets RUM will be distributed to student participants of rocket contest to be held next August in Pandansimo Beach, Yogyakarta Special Region.
These robots which were called BigDog were indeed designed to become members of military troops because of their functions which were designed for military needs.
These robots are the representatives of and  stakes to the good reputation of these higher learning institutes  in the 2008 Final Indonesian Intelligent Robot Contest KRCI to be held on June 14-15 in Hall of the University of Indonesia.
These receptors are so sensitive that they can even detect the magnetic field of the earth as well as gather information on prey and predators.
These radical changes in morphology and function appear to arise very quickly.
These protocols offer a simple directory structure which the user navigates and choses files to download.
These prices are valid nationwide with new mechanism and they are different in several areas, depending on the different pattern of cellular phones use in different areas.
These not wholly convincing hypotheses belong to evolutionary paleontologists.
These noises warn the mother that the critical moment has come.
These new photos are trully explore a new face of Mercurius
These new materials are lighter, thinner and have more resisting power than Kevlar, however the price is more expensive.
These necessary instruments were collagen, fibronacin and laminin tissues.
These monitors use touching of the screen as an input method.
These monitoring facilities would assist the Institutions of Amil and Zakat in terms of even distribution of ZIS and the accuracy of distribution and can serve as a remainder of unpaid ZIS data.
These mobile graphics processors tend to have less performance than their desktop counterparts, but this is because they have been optimized for lower power usage.
These mnemonics are collectively known as a computer's assembly language.
These microorganisms which adapted to cold condition were not previously known to be able to form biofilms and because of that, the result of the observation of biofilms in low temperature was seen as something surprising.
These microbes belong to Archaea type, one of the three main groups of microorganism besides Bacteria and Eucariota which are fungi, algae, protozoa and various kinds of fauna and microflora.
These mechanisms will be found anywhere from in the wings of a bird to inside a bat's skull.
These matters become the excess biomass compared to other energy.
These matters as anticipation step of wrong diagnose which probably the healthy person has to endure chemotherapy or biopsy will in danger his life.
These living things without brains or nervous systems, totally devoid of any capacity for thought, kill themselves to save other bacteria when they are invaded by viruses.
These living things face great difficulties in guaranteeing the continuation of their species.
These laws supported the view that species remain unchanged.
These laws are proofs that illustrate the perfection in the creation of the universe just as are the flawless creatures that live therein.
These inventions were the foundation of the modern information processing industry.
These interactions is stronger than Van der Waals interaction which is found in other synthetic polymers and fibres like dyneema.
These intelligent robots have special capacities, viz.  recognizing direction, passing obstacles, extinguishing fire, up to moving objects according to preprogrammed instruction.
These instructions are read from the computer's memory and are generally carried out in the order they were given.
These holes, however, were located in a different spot on each partition.
These have been almost exclusively progressive scan since the middle 1980s.
These fronts, which are especially formed at coasts by air currents coming from the sea, have been discovered by means of radar, through the observation of sea birds in flocks gliding in them.
These fluids are composed of open-chain hydrocarbons alkenes and alkanes and are stored inside sacs located to the front of their bodies.
These fish come under the Crossopterygian subclass.
These first emerged some 200 million years ago in the Upper Triassic, but subsequently became extinct.
These filters were popular in the late 1980s.
These fenomena also occur because of the technology advancement which gradually and quickly replaces the conventional technology.
These females are barren and relatively smaller soldiers.
These feet possess a wide spread form and puffy qualities.
These features of living beings, each one of which is a wonder of design, are very important for appreciating the might of Allah.
These features ensure that a falcon maintains absolute balance while diving for its prey at a speed of 240 mph 384 km/h.
These facts were uncovered by the scientific community only in the late 1990s.
These factors, such as supernova occurrence, can cause cosmic ray flux changes.
These examples surely invalidate the basic assumption of natural selection the absolute struggle for survival.
These enzymes can trigger its reproduction or halt it.
These deaf, dumb and blind creatures perform and co-ordinate such complicated duties as, building, hunting, stalking, security alerts and defence manoeuvres, by means of chemical signals.
These days hepatitis C virus become the important one diesease in the world groaning about 170 million people.
These day new breakthrough in computing technology area is doing continuously, so the time about can be shortcut, so that the result of researching immediately felt by society.
These creatures were all reptiles, because they possessed all the fundamental characteristics of the reptile class.
These cords are like tiny curtains, which can be drawn by the action of the small cartilages to which they are attached.
These colors were more comfortable on the eye.
These chemicals would normally quickly kill the offspring.
These chains are moved by a large wheel on each tread, which channel the power from the engine.
These cells releasing or clearing pigments is regulated consciously and cannot be considered as a product of coincidence.
These cells give colour to our blood and therefore to our skin.
These cells eventually shore up the open wound.
These cells are the main elements behind the coagulation of blood.
These buoys are part of the development of the Indonesian tsunami early warning system which also forms a part of the Indian Ocean Tsunami Warning and Mitigation System which will be on  the lookout for millions of people living along the coast of these areas.
These breaks or replacements are the result of external effects such as radiation or chemical action.
These bones provide tremendous support for contracting and flexing muscles, which bring about continuous movements through moving joints.
These bleedings are immediately stopped by means of the clotting system and the capillaries are reconstructed in their normal condition.
These birds take advantage of the uplift of air directed upwards on the tips of waves.
These barbules interlock so tightly that even smoke blown at the feather cannot penetrate through it.
These barbules are locked together with hooklike hamuli.
These are sometimes called desknotes, a portmanteau of the words desktop and notebook, though the term is also applied to desktop replacement computers in general.
These are clear signs that living things have been created by God and are directed by the instincts inspired in them.
These are called jump instructions.
These applications were actually applied when Kompas made a trip around some offices of head of subdistricts and villages in Sragen.
These animals, that have some striking systems, are only a few examples.
These animals, just like the bees, use the knowledge inspired in them and construct architectural wonders by the help of some interesting qualities given to them at their creation.
These animals produce many offspring at a time and some of them survive without any protection.
These animals build their lodges in stationary ponds, but these ponds are special in being artificially formed by dams beavers build over the stream.
These also keep the animal warm in freezing weather.
These all in one systems could be easily transported, but were heavy and usually were not battery powered.
These all conditions must be monitored to make optimum performance of the biological agent.
These air bubbles can cause death by preventing blood circulation.
These access facilities are supported by telecommunication network infrastructure through the internet network of Lintasarta.
Thermostat in the Body.
Thermal soaring is a phenomenon observed especially in warm inland areas of the globe.
Thermal reactor uses neutron moderator to slow down neutron, so they can produce further fission reactions.
Therefore, when we read e-mails in our Google Apps, do not be surprised if we also find advertisements on the right side ot the contents of our emails and the contents of the advertisements are related to the contents of our e-mails.
Therefore, to think that a creature can improve through mutation is the same as shooting at a crowd of people hoping that the injuries will result in healthier improved individuals.
Therefore, this system cannot have developed step-by-step, as asserted by the theory of evolution.
Therefore, they can live in every continent apart from Antarctica
Therefore, there is a special mechanism instituted for balancing blood pressure and withdrawing fluid back to the blood.
Therefore, there is a meteorology station in each airport used to observe the weather and to provide information necessary for the flight.
Therefore, the will that brings all these parts together should be able to foresee the future and aim directly at the advantage that is to be acquired at the final stage.
Therefore, the signs of Allah comprise all the beings in the universe that disclose and communicate the being and attributes of Allah.
Therefore, the process from initial conception to production is quite extensive.
Therefore, the only logical explanation would be: the chemical weapon system has been created altogether in the same moment.
Therefore, the Metrology and Geophysics Board BMG is assumed as the most excellent institution in forecasting the climate.
Therefore, the lungs of land animals cannot provide oxygen in the quantities required by birds.
therefore, the engineers of NASA would try to apply a new strategy toremove those samples.
Therefore, the dragonfly is an assemblage of systems, each of which has a unique and perfect structure.
Therefore, the dolphin can direct the clicks at will by moving its head.
Therefore, the creature simply would not have millions of years to wait for random mutations to save its life.
Therefore, the brain is protected against all possible scenarios of harm.
Therefore, stealing of login data is not a trivia.
Therefore, some insects, the wing size of which does not exceed one mm, have to flap their wings 1000 times per second in order to overcome inertia.
Therefore, Sikorsky's model for transporting personnel and artillery was built upon examples derived from dragonflies.
Therefore, reaching the needed height is a first step to reach an orbit.
Therefore, railway bridges and train stations become main targets for those wanting to hamper the speed of tank assaults.
Therefore, passwords play a very vital role in the security aspect of a system.
Therefore, most complicated programs are written in more abstract high level programming languages that are able to express the needs of the computer programmer more conveniently.
Therefore, it is very important  to create a structure with accurate scale so that it may easily integrate with the blood vesels.
Therefore, it is recomended that the sample collection is done several times in a location.
Therefore, it is not so difficult for it to find its prey.
Therefore, it is never possible to understand that the honeycomb actually consists of three separate parts.
Therefore, it is impossible to maintain that the eye evolved step-by-step.
Therefore, it has no possibility for rest.
Therefore, in order for the passage from water to land to have occurred, living things without a kidney would have had to develop a kidney system all at once.
Therefore, here we may talk about a greater knowledge.
Therefore, Fedoroff continues, science is able to accept democratic principles compared to any other political systems since it has external references
Therefore, evolutionists claim that reflecting eye evolved from a refracting eye, which is far more common among the crustacea and of a fundamentally simpler design.
Therefore, evolutionists assume that intermediate life forms that constitute links between living organisms have lived in the past.
Therefore, every six days, the new hatched eggs are in danger of dying due to lack of heat.
Therefore, during the day, they fly on empty stomachs with less weight.
Therefore, do not forget to destroy the data inside a hard disk, before you give the hard disk to anybody.
Therefore, Darwin's theory has absolutely collapsed just as he feared.
Therefore, computers with capability and complexity ranging from that of a personal digital assistant to a supercomputer are all able to perform the same computational tasks given enough time and storage capacity.
Therefore, community websites are strong candidates to get online advertisements easily.
Therefore, both parties recognise and greet each other.
Therefore, before chips used regularly, Steven remains us to anticipate some problems that might be occurred.
Therefore, any computer can be programmed to perform any arithmetic operation although it will take more time to do so if its ALU does not directly support the operation.
therefore genetic leg paralysis is a useful genetic feature.
There, air warms by contacting the bodies of insects and rises.
There would be challenges and obstacles coming from inside as well as outside the country.
There were some technical constraints, among other things uncertain weather condition
There were only two applications at national level at that time.
There were many different manufacturers, each and every one of them having their own connectivity and mounting systems and incompatibility was the norm.
There was no reason to combine 500 pieces of battery papers.
There was market selling, the WEPS development would grow rapidly.
There was an assumption that Tutankhamun died of wounds in his feet.
There was an assumption that the free radical spread every where during the burning such as smoking, cooking, oil combustion in machines and vehicles.
There was a battery change on its basic equipment and for adjustment to the type of waters.
There must have job description, for treble attached by small loudspeaker is called tweeter with the diameter 3 cm
There it goes through pupation and waits for one to five years.
There is such superb geometric precision in these eyes that entertaining the possibility of coincidence is simply ludicrous.
There is such a delicate and detailed organisation involved that it is impossible for them to carry it out on their own.
There is such a complicated, finely calculated design inside the eye that chemical reactions in the eye resemble the domino shows in the Guinness Book of World Records.
There is strong correlation between carcinogenetic and size and certain form of molecules.
There is some thing interesting in acoustic music that is the smaller instrument,  the higher tone that is produced from it
There is one signal conducted for each ten wing flaps.
There is one reason for this.
There is no way to make a nest when everything is covered with ice.
There is no valid record as to which websites have the most members in Indonesia.
There is no remains of a half-dragonfly or a dragonfly with newly emerging wings that predates these oldest fossils.
There is no possible compromise between the phenomenon of life and anarchy.
There is no need to apologize any longer for the poverty of the fossil record.
There is no intermediate form.
There is no harm to update knowledge by visiting computer exhibition and spending weekend at the same time.
There is no doubt that chordates evolved from invertebrates.
There is no difference between the oldest dragonfly fossils and the dragonflies of today.
There is another special system created for insects to maintain a steady position in the air.
There is another interesting point to note: the construction of the honeycomb starts from the upper side of the hive and continues simultaneously in two or three separate rows downward.
There is an ongoing debate on the extent to which the writing of programs is an art, a craft or an engineering discipline.
There is also a need for large volumes of oxygen in order to burn this energy.
There is also a kind of grenade which burns and produces smokes.
There is a wide range of laptop specific processors available from Intel.
There is a system in flies, honeybees, and wasps that transforms wing flaps into automatic movements.
There is a system created to prevent the death of the creature during its sleep under water.
There is a single answer to these questions: in such cases the bloodstream to the most vital and intricate organs, such as heart, brain and lungs, would be clogged with clots, which would inevitably bring death.
There is a sensor, which seizes a pressure conversion of sound wave in the ear.
There is a moderately long snout on the head of this insect, which is actually longer than its own body.
There is a gap on understanding of the existence of hopanoid bacteria causing hopanoid cannot wholly be used as chemical fossil originated from bacteria.
There is a facility for finding data in our e-mails and also it can be used for instant chatting with other users of Gmail and Google Apps.
There is a demonstration of fire brigade robots which were able to identify hot spots in a labyrinth in STMIK MDP Palembang .
There is a delayed explosion, so that it can be thrown away safely, Its hard shell allows it to be bounced against walls or the ground.  
There is a clearer definition that defines fermentation as respiration in anaerobic environment without external electron acceptor.
There have been ten scientific evidences below.
There have been found eight speciment until now
There exist a lot of differing approaches for each of those tasks.
There are various forms and sizes of grenades, each of which has different purposes.
There are unchangeable fundamental laws in the universe, which affect all animate and inanimate beings alike.
There are typically between two and one hundred registers depending on the type of CPU.
There are two secrets behind the specific characteristic of carboran acid.
There are two naturally found rubidium isotope, i.e. 85Rb and 87Rb.
There are two meanings for a dynamic website.
There are two main types of this grenade, colored smoke grenades and camouflage grenades.
There are two main theories.
There are two main parts to it: a moving part the rotor and a stationary one the stator.
There are two factors influencing the climate, that is, internal and external factors.
There are two explanation theories
There are thousands of bird species on the earth.
There are ten mystery  still covered particular brain of human being
There are species of frogs living in deserts, forests, meadows and the Himalayas and Andes, where altitudes exceed 16,500 feet 5000 metres.
There are special soldier units in the termite colonies that are responsible for defence.
There are some types of biogas reactor which is expanded, some of them are fixing dome reactor, floating reactor, balloon reactor type, horizontal type, field hole type, Ferro cement type
There are some significances in the biomimetic sensors.
There are some reactive oxygen compounds including anion superoksida, hydroxyl, peroxyl, peroxide hydrogen, singlet oxygen, and else.
There are some classified as black hat, which are those who have extraordinary expertise on computer, do various digital activities ranging from casual pastime to destructive activities; they are often called crackers.
There are so many CRN solutions available in the market, one of them is Microsoft Dynamics CRM.
There are six benefits that can be acquired by the agricultural industry if they develop transgenic food. These benefits are agricultural product will be resistant to weeds, pesticide resistant, no easily decomposed, water resistant useful during heavy rainfall, causing lands to be inundated by water, the plants are no easily withered
There are six advantages can be got by agriculture industry if developed tangential food.
There are several theories about that, ranging from changes in the ocean circulation, the increase in the height of Rocky Mountains, changes in earth?s orbit, and the natural changes in the concentration of green house gas in the atmospher.
There are several steps can become our sharing issue of thinking.
There are several possibilities, i.e. reflow CO2 using pipes to oil fields.
There are several other methods of determining the continents.
There are several antioxidant, among others are vitamine, mineral, and phytochemical.
There are people who feel their body invisible but they can feel it.
There are no soil bacteria that can capture free N2 so to cause soil to be infertile.
There are no islands on its route.
there are no clues in pre-Triassic sediments as to the possible ancestors of the ichthyosaurs.
There are no answers to these questions through evolution or other variants on that theory.
There are more than twenty body chemicals called enzymes that have roles in the production of thrombin.
There are more than 100 languages supported over there.
There are millions of invertebrate fossils and millions of fish fossils.
There are many strings of varying thickness inside the cochlea just as in the musical instrument, the harp.
There are many kinds of protection.
There are many different types of eye in the living world.
There are many carcinogens around us especially form food and air pollution.
there are huge anatomical and physiological differences between this class and amphibians.
There are hierarchical categories in this classificatory system.
There are hardly two eggs in the whole animal kingdom which differ more fundamentally.
there are flying mammals and marine mammals.
There are around 50 AIDS patients in the Adam Malik Hospital in Medan that suffer from skin disorder disease.
There are around 35 different phyla of animals, including the Mollusca, which include soft-bodied creatures such as snails and octopuses, or the Nematoda, which include diminutive worms.
There are also those who are called white hat, consisting of individuals who have expertise in hacking and use their knowledge for defensive purposes.
There are about 50 species which belong to rafflesia genus.
There are a number people who begin to realisethe important roles of a password, but they do not know yet how to choose a good password.
There are a lot of definition of bioterorisme, but its equal to definition of above substantially
There are 4,38 million of internet users in India
Ther blockage is done due to the issues reported is very sensitive and considerd breaking the government image.
Ther are some concealment technique in hide the message, from the ancient to sophisticated way
Theoritically, this technology could be used to developn weapon grade by using centrifugal gas technology.
Theoretically, to satisfy global energy demand, placement of the equipment needs only less than one percent of the earth surface; it is not an efficient matter.
Theoretically, this speed offer is better than the speed offer of 3G and HSDPA which commonly 3.6 Mbps and uplink 384 kbps.
Then, we transfer the electrolyte and anode to a platinum structure along with foil lithium, and then are tested
Then, those backpacks are filled out with atmospheric pressure and  the astronouts are ready to travel for their missions
Then, the similar clouds were reported from the northern countries such as Scandinavia, Scotland, and Siberia.
Then, the processor translates brain cells movement so that it can be identified by computer.
Then, the next step, researchers collect dolphin sound transmition circuit which is recorded through hydrophena.
Then, it takes position ready for flight by adjusting the balancing organs in front.
Then, it secures itself by help of clamps at the tips of its feet.
Then, it jets out this water from a narrow pipe immediately under its head with great pressure, which enables it to move swiftly in the opposite direction due to reactive forces.
Then, it fills the hole with wet weed and leaves.
Then, in 2006, scientists from UCLA found out solutions by designing protein so it can grow only certain cells.
Then, how is it possible for the little flying insects to achieve 1000 wing flaps per second.
Then, he injects his sperm into the female's reproductive cavity.
Then, an emotional area stimulates joke feeling
Then they will pump 40 to 60 tons of the liquid to ocean bottom below Hawaii coast.
Then they heap up relatively thinner ones over those heavier ones.
Then these kingdoms are sub-divided into phyla, or categories.
Then these ideas are reviewed and, from among them, the most functional and aesthetic is selected for production, after which details of feasible production are studied.
Then the wasp makes a hole in the stomach of the tarantula and leaves only one egg in it.
Then the spider must both have a body structure suitable for jumping and a system to secrete a thread strong enough to lift its prey.
Then the mother climbs onto a bromeliad in the forest.
Then the liquid heats up and generates steam that can ignite turbo electricity generator.
Then the fly absorbs the food with the absorbent pumps in its throat.
Then the ear forwards the data to the brain, which analyses and interprets the meanings.
Then the designer determines the potential user, the needs of the user and therefore the parametres of the design.
Then it takes flight.
Then he tried catalysts consisted from different metals.
Then he argues that feathers could have evolved for insulation, but this does not explain their complex design which is specifically shaped for flying.
Then comes the second and third generations.
Then coal deposit is predicted to deplete in 147 years.
Then China re-launched astraunots to outer space in 2005
Their ways have changed, not as they used in the previous election cycle
Their tasks are indeed to materialize their dreams hence they were given the name Dream Spark.
their story has been suppressed.
Their soft body is covered with a thick mantle under which large amounts of water are drawn and flushed out by strong muscles and that enables them to escape backwards.
Their sacrifice is only a part of the coagulation system in the blood.
Their response was superb, so was with Indonesia, considering the success of the previous BlackBerry series.
Their predecessor was called the luggable.
Their metabolism is also in tune with high levels of muscle power.
Their major defense basically is to get mix, looks like tree trunk.
Their lungs, which function differently from those of mammals, help them obtain higher level of energy from scarce air.
Their lungs are of a different structure and function as well as are their skeletal and muscular structures.
Their lifespan ranges from two to four years.
Their immensely complicated nervous system regulates the contractions and flexing necessary for their reactive swimming.
Their front legs were also completely covered by feathers, and changed into wings.
Their circulatory systems are much more specialised than those of land animals.
Their ancestors have lived there since time immemorial.
Their advent into the geologic history of the reptiles was sudden and dramatic.
Their ability are only to design a solution based on the data processed, so that it result is very depended by quality and quantity the data amount.
Theater people use this element as laugh stimulating material to shake audience stomachs.
The zoo in New York used to have game for younger children in its site.
The zone of environmental protection, natural conservation, and cultural heritage like Bosscha Observatory.
The youngest star which is formed near the center of the milky ways galaxy is one of mysteries that make the scientist be confuse
The youngest star is formed near the galaxy whirl.
The young dolphin consumes dozens of quarts litres of milk every day.
The yolk of the egg stores protein, fats, vitamins and minerals, and the white works as a reservoir of fluid.
The XL President Director said the result was above the initial target of 5 millions new subscribers.
The worst enemies of the termite colonies are ants and anteaters.
The world's leading helicopter manufacturer, Sikorsky, finished the design of one of their helicopters by taking the dragonfly as a model.
The world of work describes paid work and the pursuit of a career, in all its social aspects, to distinguish it from home life and academic study.
The world meteorology hoped that ozone hole in north pole would be normal in this year
The World Health Organization predicts that 80-90% of cancer disease is caused by environmental factor and 10-20% by genetic factor and may be virus.
The working principle of sonar is the same as this faculty of dolphins.
The workers were informed that they were making a chain wheeled vehicle for transporting water, so the manufacturing of these battle vehiclse could be kept secret.
The work of termites certainly is the outcome of collective work among those creatures.
The work of Sulffahri and two of his friends was one of the selected innovative works in the selection for Biological Opus Fair which was held in Plaza dr Angka ITS Surabaya on 17th and 18th of April, 2008.
The work of SOD will be more active with the existence of polypheron obtained from tea consumption.
The word collagen itself originates from Greece language which means attaching or producing attachment.
The word ?bombs? in the military is generally used for explosive weapons which are dropped without any guidance from aircrafts.
The word ?bomb` comes from the Greek language, it is a term used to imitate the sound produced by a bomb in that language.
The wonderful art of God manifests itself even in an insect.
The winners of these four regional contesst were invited to the 2008 National Robot Contest KRI which will be held on June, 14 to 15 in Jakarta.
The wings operate asynchronously.
The Wings of the Dragonfly.
The wings of the dragonfly cannot be folded back on its body.
The wings of flies are vibrated according to the electric signals conducted by the nerves.
The wings have to change angles during each flap to create a force of thrust as well as an up-lift.
The wings have a certain flexibility for rotation depending on the type of insect.
The wings can move back and forth or up and down.
The wings are left drying after stretching.
The wings are fully developed already but are in a folded position.
The wings are attached to the chest with a joint that functions like a pivot.
The Wikipedia policy does not adopt censor for every article published.
The widening of the female's oesophagus cannot be coincidental.
The wide chain wheel distributes the pressures given by the weight of the tank, resulting in a pressure equal to the one produces by human feet.
The whole system has to exist at the same time for the plant to catch its prey and digest it properly.
The whole earth surface was covered by the main shadow at around 16:52 WIB
The whoe features had received recommendation for the religious advices commisstion of the MUI in order to keep accuracy and authenticity of the Quran?s contents.
The white stork lives in central Europe and migrates to Africa for winters on a journey of about 4350 miles 7000 kilometres.
The well-known paleontologist Roger Lewin discusses this extraordinary fact, which totally demolishes all the Darwinist assumptions about the history of life.
The well-known French paleontologist Pierre-Paul Grass has this to say on the subject.
The websites blockaded are not only those againts the government but also the ones which humilate the royal family, religion, and expose pornography
The website usually requires advanced programming and a database, and it often includes admin tools for the website owner to update the website content frequently and easily.
The weather is one of variables detemining the climate condition.
The weather is an average state of air at a certain period of time.
The weather forecast in the United States is 90 percent accurate.
The wealth of the existing fossil record will surely answer this question.
The weakness of diesel engines are difficulty of starting the engines and a feeling that diesel engines seems to be less powerful.
The weakness of all RFID cards is mainly in their antennas which measure up to 80 times of the size of the chips.
The weakness is, even at the lowest speed the engine still consumes fuel at its normal rate, which is, to a large extent, more than any other engine does at lower speed.
The weak deer are eliminated, the strong survive, but, since no alteration in their genetic data takes place, no transformation of a species occurs.
The way to play it is so simple, i.e. by selecting a candidate and set him for a fight with his political opponent.
The water we drink, the bread, fruits and vegetables we eat are all the results of a special creation.
The water track was known from chemical contents which were easily boiled away in colorful crystal grains of the moon?s soil samples
The water track was found in moon
The water molecules contain some extra protons named ion.
The water level in the crystal grains was only about 46 ppm or far smaller than in similar mineral in the Earth.
The water is drawn in through these openings into a cylinder-shaped cavity inside its body.
The waste matter of blood, carbon dioxide, is given out.
The waste energy was a little bit hot
The wasp bites the tarantula on the upper left part of its stomach and discharges its poison there.
The warriors were buried with their bronze helmets, swords, daggers, and steel spearhead.
The vulture opens the feathers at the tip of its wings like the fingers of a hand and thus diminishes the air whirlpools formed by its wings.
The voltage stream and heat the filament.
The vitamins E and C are known as the potential antioksidants and mostly consumed.
The visual cortex is composed of many regions, one on top of the other, about 1/10 inch 2,5 mm in thickness and 145 square feet 13,5 square metres in area.
The visitors of Obama private site may four times larger than McCain?s.
The viruses will be installed at polimer layers and form anode.
The virus was found in a laptop used by the austronouts to send and get emails form the center on earth, through the assisting of data relay system at NASA controlling center in Texas   
The virus that attacked NASA was worm W32.Gammima AG.  This worm was not new, it was found last August.
The virus is predicted as a dangerous software which is able to steal Nasa's data including passwords and other sensitive data
The virus also settled on the computer lingk in the orbit
The Virgin Galactic exhibited a carrier-borne aircraft for space tour.
The village which has 3,656 inhabitants once underwent an upheaval during the construction of Kedung Ombo dam.
The views stated above about the origins of chordates and evolution are always met with suspicion, since they are not based on any fossil records.
The views of the corporation between Russian and China are also?. By NPO Reshetnev well, the company that developed GLONASS satelite
The victim may have unawarely downloaded a file with Trojan or probably Spyware viruses in it
The vibrating air inside both ears of that person rapidly travels to his middle ear.
The vest protects its users by holding out the speed of the bullet.
The very notion that a land reptile could have gradually been converted into a flying reptile is absurd.
The very first frog of the Rheobatrachus silus species existed with this complete flawless system.
The verse in the Qur?an stating, Have they not looked at the camel - how it was created.
The Venus plant starts to secrete a flesh dissolving liquid, which causes the fly to turn into a jelly-like substance, and then the plant consumes the fly by absorbing it.
The venomous system in the mouth of the snake is a very complex and sophisticated one.
The veins have been created of such a flawless structure that no clogging or sediments are formed.
The vehicle speed equipped with NOS can reach 60 up to 100 percents.
The variations upon which Darwin and Wallace placed their emphasis cannot be selectively pushed beyond a certain point, that such variability does not contain the secret of indefinite departure.
The valuation prices above are only valid estimations of main domains.
The utilization of tongue in this control system is potentially far better than the utilization of other body parts for the same purposes.
The user will still feel the kinetic energy of the bullet, this may cause bruises, swells or rather serious internal injuries  
The user si the weakest side of computer security system
The user often receives insufficient explanation, so that they make or predict the risks of occurred security mode by themselves.
The user does not have any ideas whether the sites he enters can be trusted or not
The use of virtual technology globally has increased gradually.
The use of tripsin depends very much on the temperature, the higher the temperature is, the faster the matrix is broken down, however, it also increases the numbers of cells damaged.
The use of these robots could decrease this kind of death risks, said he.
The use of solar energy so far is merely for water heater at houses or and hotels.
The use of punched cards was also adopted by Charles Babbage around 1830, to control his Analytical Engine.
The use of passwords can restrict who is allowed to access a system dan who can access certain resources.
The use of laughing gas in surgical operation is as dangerous as its benefits.
The use of information technology, in the form of cooperation with an internet service provider, has cut the expenses into Rp 250 millions.
The use of information technology enables Untung Wiyono to control the work performance of his bureaucracy of 12,000 government employees from a computer in his work room.
The use of gold and burial accessories indicated that the people believed of life after death.
The use of generation was at first used by defence authorities in Russia, who called United States?s F 22 Raptor the fifth generation of fighter planes.
The use of gasoline engines has the opposite weakness of that of diesel engines.
The use of Elektronik Logistik is based on bandwith, or the capacity of data used by the subscribers or delivery service companies.
The use of digital camera for aerial photography has shifted the use of analog and manual camera systems.
The use of Contact Management can assist XL in controlling information which we would like to know whether it is accessed from home or outdoor.
The use of both technologies in many sites will change user in using internet.
The US would be friendlier to environment.
The US security agencies actually have had the system that can record all internet traffics.
The US people utilize at least 25 million tons plastic every year.
The US government expects to develop a process that will add not more than 2 to 5 percents of users? electricity bill.
The US foreign affairs department also develops scientific interactions in relation to health and water in Arabic countries
The US Aerospace Body succeded in detecting a giant lake  near the northern pole of Titan, one of moons in Saturnus
The universe whose early condition until certain limit could be trackedm and all kinds of processes in it shows a conserved regularity indicating there are fundamental rules obeyed by the unverse
The universe needs tens of years since its existence in  order to prepare itself to accept the life, we all, in it.
The Universe Fact and its Relation to Mankind.
The United States burns much fuel only to keep infrared and other electronic equipment on.
The United State gave amnesty to scientists who concerned in unit 731, but they had to give all of the data about experiment to America.
The United Nations has warned that drugs distribution in the virtual world will increase sharply.
The unique structure of the avian lung demonstrates the presence of a perfect design that supplies the high levels of oxygen required for flight.
The Unified Modeling Language UML is a notation used for both OOAD and MDA.
The undetectable fish behind the ink cloud leaves the area immediately.
The UN got more curios to prove their theory, when it was denied more firmly
The U.S. military's SAGE system was the first large scale example of such a system, which led to a number of special purpose commercial systems like Sabre.
The types of prints were match with the fossils of the animals.
The two instruments which will be used to support the tsunami early warning system will be installed in the southern seas of Bali using the Baruna Jaya IV.
The two animals, according to the scientists, probably left their prints in soft layer billion years ago.  
The turbine is designed to be able to work with two directions rotation generator
The tunic is composed of two layers that cover the inside and outside of the body just like the longitudinal muscles.
The tuber which has the latin name of dioscorea alata can apparently be made safe food materials for diabetics.
The tuber was roughly grated, then it is put in lime water to separate the scrapings from its sap.
The try out has been conducted to male rabbit which its original cell has been dismissed
The Truth Revealed by the Fossil Record.
The True Story of Industrial Melanism.
the true origin of species.
The trip takes more than 88 hours.
The trilobite eye is made up of hundreds of tiny facets, and each one of these contains two lens layers.
The triggering factor of people?s laziness to visit doctor, among other, is the assumption that information about diseases is available in internet.
The trend opens a new era in the history of security threat and methodology.
The trees age is determined by counting yearly growth rings of very old trees, such as sequoia and certain pines.
The tree absorbs minerals and water from the soil and combines them with the energy it obtains from the sun.
The travel from earth to europe needs as test as five years time.
The trap is only closed with a second touch after the static charge reaches a certain point and discharges.
The transaction loss at ISE due to computer network system trouble, according to the economic analysis of Metro-TV, was estimated around Rp. 1-2 trillions or up to Rp. 2-4 trillions depending on whether transaction was high or low at that time.
The trajectory of ballistic guided missile consists of three stages, namely, launching stage, free-flying stage, and reentering stage to the earth?s atmosphere.
The traits brought about by mutations are selected by the mechanism of natural selection, and by this means living things evolve.
The traffic number or the traffic of visitors to webs is more interesting than just domain names.
The tradition of mediteranian food which is commonly consisted of tomatoes cooked with olive oil in fact results in the likopen release optimally and makes its absorption more efficiently, so that it can easily enter to membranes and cells
The toughness of the competition is not merely due to strict prices, in the future, it is more of service competition.
The touchpad is touch sensitive and the cursor can be navigated by moving the finger on the pad.
The total weight of the whole robots should not exceed 50 kilograms, and the voltage limit of power is 24 volts.
The total score earned by the Indonesian students was lower than the India?s score, so India was eligible for the All Category Championship of IOAA 2008.
The total costs for the general election in 2009 would be around  Rp 2.5 quintillion, similar to the that of 2004.
The tools are able to detect the liquid detonator or gelatin the way it works is very simple.
The tool works by using fire fly luciferase enzyme the produce light when it touches the bacteria
The tool looking alike a chest was the second senet that had ever been found.
The tongue draws near to and away from the palate and the lips take various shapes.
The Tokyo Government will install three dimensional cameras with the most sophisticated system in every city corner in order to anticipate terrorists in the country.
The toenails protect the feet from potential damage resulting from a bump.
The tiny battery can be energy sources for medical sensors.
The time of realizing the mission will be decided next year
The time of birth is designed perfectly as well.
The time lapsed between generating the outgoing sound and receiving an incoming echo provides an accurate assessment of a target's distance from the bat.
The time lag between two consecutive strikes is less then one thousandth of a second.
The time differential in the pupation period depends on the new growth of the acorns on the tree.
The time and place of specimen collection were very much dependent on the rain precipitation in that location.
The tight structure of the cobweb made by the dew spider does not permit the web to be torn.
The ties of interdependence are formed from the first day a new offspring joins the group.
The three winners were the seeds of software companies which were expected to be able to produce products with wide utility and that are globally competitive.
The three others are Bandung Institute of Technology, Bandung Polytechnics, and the University of Indonesia.
The threats are still valid at holiday season like now.
The thoing that will be examined is shot with radio wave energy or neutron.
The third winner of writing competition and journalism photography was Yuri Ervansyah from Republika Daily, with title ?Traffic Campaign? and won Rp. 1,5 million cash.
The third wave is semantic attack.
The third layer in the middle is made of a sponge-like substance.
The third China crew outer space mission would use Shenzhou VII
The thicker and heavier cloud is more adjacent to earth surface.
The thick walls of the tower help maintain interior humidity.
The thick and impenetrable hairs on the camel body prevent the scorching sun of the desert from reaching the skin of the animal.
The thermate filler for AN-M14 grenades will be burned for 40 seconds and it can burn through a 12.7 mm steel plate.
The theory set forth in Charles Darwin's book On the Origin of Species asserts that all creatures evolved by chains of coincidences and mutated from one another.
The theory of evolution, which claims that birds are descendants of reptiles, is not able to explain the colossal differences between these two classes of beings.
The theory of evolution tries to provide an answer with a long scenario.
The theory of evolution proposes that living things can develop and take on new genetic data by the mechanisms of mutation and natural selection.
The theory of evolution claims that all creatures came about through random changes.
The theory of evolution assumes that the first Chordata, such as Pikaia, evolved into fish.
The theory basically asserts that natural selection and mutation are two complementary mechanisms.
The theories of aging and free radical were first issued by Denham Harman of University of Nebraska Medical Centre in Omaha in 1956 saying that the body got aging because of the oksidant attacks from destroying substances.
The Termite Colony and Its Chemical Defensive Systems.
The terminology free here also means in using, learning, modifying, copying or selling software, somebody does not need to seek for permission from anybody.
The term RTFM is often used in regard to such documentation, especially to computer hardware and software user guides.
The term outer space is used to distinguish it with air space and terrestrial locations.
The term oCRAFT website stands for Online Customer Request and Fulfillment Tools.
The term mimetic means imitating, thus,  the term biomimetic means biological imitating.
The term is often applied to systems that run full versions of desktop operating systems such as Windows or Linux, rather than specialized software such as Windows CE, Palm OS or Internet Tablet OS.
The term instinct used above is only a name as mentioned in the Qur?an, in the 40th verse of Surah Yusuf.
The term ?tank? appeared at the time when the first tanks were made in the factories in the United Kingdom.
The teory presented by FAO stated the reason that meat production in the world influenced the increasing metana emition gas and gave impacts directly to earth atmosphere
The tendency to migrate to portal appearance has been identified at the famous blog software provider, Wordpress.
The temperature of the hole should never rise above 30oC.
The temperature increase of the lake has reached 1.21 Celsius degrees since 1946 due to climate change or three times faster than the increase of global air temperature.
The temperature increase is risky to melt thicker ice layer even though there is a chance to survive at summer this year.
The temperature increase at the Arctic region, north pole, causes faster and expanding ice melting.
The temperature at the Antarctic polar circle where penguins live can sometimes be as low as -40oC.
The Telkomsel Award 2008, in cash money of Rp. 13 million for the first winner, was awarded directly by GM Sales and CS Telkomsel of West Java Region in Bandung, Thursday night.
The television also broadcasted the picture of the rocket in the desert.
The telescope, she said further, could provide answers on behaviours of the universe.
The telecomunication operators who ealier existed were deceived by the internet service providers because they had to pay highly the market operational expences while the internet services did not get any charges.
The technology, that used OF DM, is capable of supporting high speed data transfer up to 70 Mbps in the radius of 50 km.
The technology uses electronic current to move small particles to show texts and pictures.
The technology products like machines or robots are basically different from biological elements availablein the nature.
The technology of long-range rocket used to place the satellite in orbit was worried for making genocide weapon. But Iran convinced that the development was for peace goal just like nuclear enrichment they have been carrying out.  
The technology of fire flies light is used in photodynamic therapy.
The technology of fire flies light in several field by the scientists is one of the evidence of the perfect ness of the fire flies creation that can not be made by the scientists.
The technology makes the closing ceremony of Beijing Olympics stay dry
The technology is still now in the process of perfecting
The technology created become a pushing gene which closed tears gene inside the onions so that the onions would not produce the enzyme
The technology can last 2 times longer than regular lithium battery and can be recharged only in 10 minutes.
The technology base of Wikia search engine is similar with the other internet search engines.
The technologies that made the Arpanet possible spread and evolved.
The technique is only mastered by sculptures from kingdoms at central of Java.
The technique does not involve expensive equipment and can be carried out in common room temperature.
The teams found the fossil coindentally when there had been looking for the possibility of the oil energy content in the central Monages since 2006
The team will explore some parts as geological structures and find out new species in the sea because the sea trough has a long history in the process of forming the southern and northen parts of the contonent
The team research  lead by Dickinson has been long studying an insect movement only by using a video-recording camera and a fly clapping tool.
The team is supervise by Lee to cooperate with RNL Bio to commercialized dog cloning.
The team is at present creating the third part of battery, catode, by using viral assembling technique
The team head of the second IOAA question designer said this year questions would be in two categories, i.e 60% of theory and 40% of experiments
The team able to take three bars of butter from top of the bowl and take it up will be declared as Govinda and is decided as a winner and the competition is finished.
The taste of the flour itself is tasteless, so it is easily combined with other food materials, said he.
The task of developing large software systems is an immense intellectual effort.
The tariff charged by Telkomsel to advertisers for every piece of SMS text sent to users is Rp88 per SMS text or similar to the normal SMS text tariff of ordinary AS card.
The target of this game virus is to get personal information, including passwords to various online games.
The target of one million Speedy customers is pushed by network extension and access capacity enhancement, said Telkom Principal Director.
The target is to improve the densitas and faciliate depository and transportation.
The tarantula, however, is not a creature that is often found.
The tank is 255 kg weight and fall a few meters from a farmer?s house in Texas
The tail flukes make diving and surfacing much easier.
The tail fin of the fish works as an engine in the water.
The tadpoles feed on these eggs, which are rich in protein and carbohydrates.
The system works flawlessly down to the minutest detail.
The system works as follows.
The system will be the first one that can transform pictures instantly to 3 dimensions.
The system that function converted the mechanics power become electric was located on sea surface and isolated from sea water by placing it into special waterproof chamber so could be sure not contact to sea.
The system that enables formation of the clot, determining its extent, strengthening or dissolving the formed clot undoubtedly, has an absolute irreducible complexity.
The System Preventing the Bends.
The system of classification established by Linnaeus has continued and been developed right up to the present day.
The system is quite complex and cannot possibly be explained through step by step development.
The system is composed of a number of different pieces assembled together in very delicate balances and is a clear sign of design.
The system functions flawlessly down to the minutest detail.
The system functions as follows: when the fish encounters excessive light, the chromatic cells called ?chromatophore?, which are located around the transparent layer cornea of the eye, start to release a yellowish dye pigment.
The system could not have developed in segments because none of the segments could possibly function alone.
The system controls discussed are two types, i.e. the system that stimulate cell?s growth and the security system that protect from growth of unwanted cell.
The syringe-like ?sting? of the gnat is protected by a special sheath, which is stripped back during the blood-sucking process.
The synthetic bacteria can be applied for welfare fuel, and fossil alternative fuel
The symptoms are started by slow hysteria, euphoria, and sometimes ended with continuous laughing.
The symptom from this disease are headache, queasy, and high fever which can couse the death if do not cure.
The swiftness of the plant in catching the fly is remarkable.
The survival of the colony is dependent upon the existence of the king and queen who engage in reproduction.
The survey defines love in internet as an emotional bounding relationship between 2 persons generated via the assistance of internet medium.
The surprising thing is at astaxanthine which is in carotene category.
The surgeons that played game prior conducting surgery in fact performed 50 percent better than the other surgeons that did not play game.
The surface of each cemetery was covered with a kind of hard cement.
The supporting component of air dynamic available in dragonfly provided inspiration for a high technology of a helicopter.
The superiority of Google as the top internet search engine is predicted to be stable.
The sun membelakangi Saturnus so its light reflectance makes the rings shine brightly.
The sulphur form at regular temperature and pressure usually has the characteristic of electric current insulator.
The sugar content of that tuber was low, but its carbohydrate content was high, said the ITS biology student.
The success was the result of application of tariff strategy which was economical and transparent, so it was responded positively by public.
The success of IBM to break the limit 1 million IOPS indicates that in the near future we can enjoy SSD as primary storage with random access speed 1 ms.
The success of community websites in Indonesia cannot actually be measured by money.
The subsystem operating  this function is caled distribution subsystem.
The study was done about still the first experiment and not yet come up with medical practice implementation.
The study systematic of hopanoid compound in fertile and infertile soil usually uses the method developed by Innes, encompassing soil sample collection followed by extraction and total extract oxidation with H5IC6 and NaBH4
The study is expected  to provide new invention in medications particulary in those from plants and animals living under the sea in order to prevent cancers
the study is done at Archaepteryx fossil found in german in 1877
The studies id not the first thing.
The students sent to the event pass selection starting from school level, regency, province, and up to the national level, so they are highly capable.
The structure of the termite nest demonstrates extraordinarily complex systems.
The stromatolite was found in 1984 via Indonesia - Netherland joint expedition to East Indonesia using Marine Snellius II ship.
The stromatolite research involves some counterpart lecturers from Gajah Mada University which are also geologists.
The stromatolite at the Satonda Island is one of the windows or environmental models of the Pre Cambriun era around 4,000 years ago and in Indonesia only can be found in the Satonda Island.
the strokes of the fly on the hairs of the plant are transmitted to the receptors under the hairs.
The strength of this system is in its algorithms-this can be seen from the rapid calculations.
The strength of the acid can be determined from the ability to release positive ions when diluted in water.
The strength of RFID primarily is for fast applications, such as automatic toll road fee payment, payment of parking fees, and fast food services in crowded shops.
The strength of Kevlar is obtained from the intramolecular hydrogen ties and the interaction of piles of intersheet aromatics.
The strength of carboran acid is millions times stronger than sulphate acid.
The strength of acid is used in various industries.
The strength of a bird's skeleton is more than adequate even though the bones are hollow.
The straws we use to drink beverages also have the same system.
The strars haven?t yet moved to the supported area as they are still too young to move to a farther location.
The strange clouds were recorded at the atmosphere boundary.
the story of the peppered moths, which is included in every evolutionary biology book and has therefore, become an icon in this sense, does not reflect the truth.
The Story of a Moment's Communication.
The storage of the body fat in only one part of the camel's body prevents the excretion of water from all over its body - which is related to fat.
The STMIK MDP robots got rank four in KRI and KRCI 2007 which is held by  ..
The steroid in sport world often generates controversy, considering someone?s achievement can increase by consuming it, whereas on the other side, steroid consumption can generate side effects to human health.
The steroid biosynthesis in plant produces brassinolide.
The steroid biosynthesis in plant and animal produces different steroid products.
The steroid biosynthesis in animal produces cholesterol.
The step of ionization process is started with spraying of water into artificial electric field designed to obtain water molecules with positive electric charges.
The step is to push the growth of local industries
The statement was released by the Irinian Space Board
The statement convinces Kominfo's commitment, expressed during Commission I pleno some time ago in the House of Representatives, planning to give incentives for cellular telecomunication operators that have been successful in reaching isolated areas in Indonesia.
The star needs 10 billions of years to run the process meaning the universe is minimum at 10 billions of years and during the time the universe continues to develop and its temperature goes down.
The Sragen e-government program has been adopted by the central government to be implemented in other regencies/cities.
The spring came early so that snow dilute quicker.
The spraying pipe further requires a mechanical system that is powered by a separate muscle.
The spray of the strange thin blue clouds seemed to spread over the atmosphere boundaries of Earth and space. The unusual sight was seen clearly from the inside cabin of the international space station located at the Earth orbit.
The Spore players can freely create living creatures.
The spongy structure of smaller eggs can only be observed under the microscope.
The spider, however, does not face such an end.
The spider thread, which it had secreted just before jumping and which it sticks on the branch it is on, saves it from falling to the ground and keeps him dangling in the air.
The spider must calculate the most appropriate angle for a successful leap, and consider the speed and direction of its prey.
The spider makes this amazing leap by its eight feet that work on hydraulic pressure principles.
The spider has two big spots at the two sides of its head.
The spider has eight legs whereas the ant has six.
The speed of the plant in closing is faster.
The speed of raindrops would decrease, and they possibly would evaporate before reaching the ground.
The speed of ATP production is 100 times faster than oxidative phosphorylation.
The spectrum of frequencies audible to these creatures is very narrow, which would normally create a great problem for the animal because of the Doppler Effect.
The specificity of glass characteristics is influenced by uniqueness of silica in its creation process.
The specification is similar with netbook, alias little notebook which are being popular.
The sparrow's 1080F 420C body temperature and a fieldfare's 109,40F 43,50Cbody temperature indicate how quickly their metabolism functions.
The spaceship will do its mission fo eleven days with six austronauts.
The spacecraft was launched on March 2004 from French Guinea and now is 420 km above the earth.
The spacecraft recorded 23 calderas on a 200 kilometers surface with the largest size reached 2 kilometers.
The space telescope has recorded a horrible collision between two galaxies, which can explain about the dark material, one of mysterious substances existing in the universe.
The source said that in the advertisement, Seinfeld would make an appearance with a prominent figure in Microsoft         
The sounds of the man's friend literally play their harmonies on this harp.
The sound waves emitted by bats are reflected off birds in the air, animals on the ground and other objects that stand in the bat?s way.
The sound of greetings starts from a low pitch and rises.
The sort wave is an interrelated to the high frequency long wave show the low frequency
The songs converted to MP3 can be played using MP3 player.
The sonar system of bats is extremely complex in nature and cannot be explained by evolution through arbitrary mutations.
The some product name almost do not rejected
The solutions could be digitalization of documents which retain the original format of the documents.
The solution is that they build an airtight in every place functioning just like a room  to clean up our body from mud on the moon
The solution is one of the popular one at those companies, because it can diminish communicaiton cost, increase productivity, efficiency, and competitiveness.
The solution has been used by around 40 to 50 companies in Indonesia since it was fisrt introduced five years ago.
The soldier termites of a termite family kill their enemies by rubbing poison onto their bodies.
The soldier is sent down to the Middle East by a parachute and armed with guns and rocket launcher.
The solar storm could cause a terrifying energy explosion to earth
The soil samples assumed to consist of ice congealed in the shovels used to dredge them.
The software for compression and/or password protection to increase the capability of this flash disk, as usual, is available at the official site of Transcend.
The software can be downloaded freely in Internet.
The so-called ion channel is a structure composed of proteins that regulate the number of sodium ions within the cell.
The Soaring Technique of Vultures.
The soaring of birds on these interfaces is referred to as gust gliding.
The snout of dolphin?s beak is another feature that improves their swimming.
The snake, with the help of its forked-tongue, which is its organ of smell, can sense a motionless red squirrel sitting half a metre away in deep darkness.
The snake venom either paralyses the central nervous system of the prey or causes its death by coagulating the blood.
The smoke blanket is not used offensively, as smokes will also  cover the eyes of the attackers, and smokes can tell the enemy that attacks are about to be made.
The smallest SAM developed by the Soviet Union can be carried and launched by a soldier.
The smallest projector in the world will be launched.
The smallest elements of the bone marrow, the blood platelets or thrombocytes, are crucial.
The small planet Makemake accompanies Pluto and Eris.
The small planet is a term used for sky objects excluded in the eight big planets in Solar System. For the last time, the International Astronomy Union gave name Eris, taken from the name of dispute god in Greek Mythology, for the object previously known as 2003 UB313.
The small mummies were found by Howard Carter, a researcher from England, in 1922 at Tutankharum Tomb in Luxor.
The small black cells at the tip of the wings of the dragonfly serve the same function as the weight on the tip of aeroplane wings.
The slightest obstacle in any one of these phases would cause metamorphosis to be incomplete resulting in the injury or death of dragonfly.
The sleeping dolphin uses the right and left hemispheres of its brain alternatively for periods of about fifteen minutes.
The skull was excavated intact from ground and brought using crane onto a trailer which transfer it to Croatier Museum France.
The Skull of Woodpecker.
The skull bones of the majority of birds are joined together, and the beak functions with the motion of the lower jaw.
The skin functions as a sensor to touch whose objects are pressure and temperature.
The skeletons of insects are formed by a tough, protective substance, called chitin.
the skeleton of the sponge.
The skeleton of the insect is not inside its body.
The size was smaller than human hair width
The size of Safir is 22 meters long with the diameter of 1,25 meters and 26 tons of weight.
The size of only a cube of 5 centimetres sides.
The size of a display is typically given as the distance between two opposite screen corners.
The size of a display is typically given as the distance between two opposite screen corners.
The sites blockades are presumed because the Government of Syria does not want its power is jeopardized via internet.
The sites are believed can be stress therapy for teenager.
The site that usually displayed the newest information of traffics in Jakarta city suddenly its appearance changed at around 06.00.
The site structure and its navigation system came into the picture in order to allow users to find what they need quickly.
The site selected the best Open Source application not based on which one is the best or the worst, but more on which one is used more frequently and its existence is very helpful to computer users in 2007.
The site hacked by the cracker was not only TMC Traffic Directorate of Polda Metro Jaya.
The simultaneous use of internet for governmental agencies.
The simultaneous existence of all components of the system is vital for its functionality.
The simplicity of passive RFID is in its design which enables its manufacturing process to be done through printing process, including the installations of its antenna.
The simplest method might to find is cutting an orange into two pieces and squeeze them.
The simplest computers are able to perform any of a handful of different instructions; the more complex computers have several hundred to choose from each with a unique numerical code.
The similarities covers basic science and problem solution techniques used by both disciplines.
The similar principle was also applied to the test.
The similar cloud also came out not long before the space shuttle Columbia taking 400 tons of water with it exploded in 2003.
The similar action was also performed by Japanese government which was known too intensive in promoting the health.
the signs in living things.
The signals of the newly hatched fish maintain their characteristic until the fourteenth day after its birth, when they change and become like the normal signals of an adult.
The signal arrives at the tip of the nerve cell after travelling a distance shorter than a centimetre.
The sight of the dragonfly is as impressive as is its ability to perform sudden manoeuvres at high speed.
The sight of a feather in a peacock's tail, whenever I gaze at it, makes me sick.
The sides of the tubes inside the eye are lodged at such perfect angles that they all focus onto a single point.
The side impact of the event was bad reputation for security of computer network system, which is very vital for such strategic financial institution like ISE.
The side effect after the dream experience, among other is queasy and uncomfortable sensation, such as remembering bad experiences in the past.
The sick are not left alone but are kept in the group until they die.
The shuttle-shaped body structure of dolphins earns them the ability to move very swiftly in water.
The short story of the transformation of a living being from a tiny larva through many different phases into a gnat is as follows.
The shock of the impact is quite strong.
The shell they are placed in becomes quite tight.
The shell is made of hard plastic or iron, which is then filled with hard splinters, wires, iron balls or even the outer shell itself can serve as sharpnels.  
The shapes of these colorful fungi are very attractive, some looks like umbrellas, some other resembles a flower?s sepals.
The shape of this grenade is similar to that of smoke and gas grenades.
The shape of the maple seed causes it to rotate around itself very rapidly as it falls to the ground.
The shape and utilization of this grenade is similar to that of smoke gas, with one difference, namely, this kind of grenade has 80 to 120 grams of tear gas, which will cause irritation to the eyes and respiratory system.
The sexual drive is not enough by itself either.
The set of tsunami early detection instrument that will be installed consists of two subsets, namely one subset to be installed on  the sea surface and one to be placed on sea bed.
The set of arithmetic operations that a particular ALU supports may be limited to adding and subtracting or might include multiplying or dividing, trigonometry functions and square roots.
The service is intended to satisfy customers? need and life style that want non-cash mobile commerce.
The separation between blue and pink materials provided direct proof upon the dark material existence.
The separation between blue and pink material provide direct evidence on the existence of dark material and interactions of its particles are very weak or no sign at all, besides gravitational force, explained the astronomers.
The sentence comes from dip tea advertisement broadcasted by television.
The sensors available in human senses inspired the necessity for biomimetic sensors.
The sensor carried out by the government is not a new one for Thailand
The sending of messages which containlinks is certainly done in large number and then victims start to fall down.
The seeds of the wild chicory plant make a long trip floating in the air by means of winds.
The security system is possibility picture catch is transferred in three dimension format in order to facilitate picture comparison with other photos in human wanted list.
The security system insurance company often employs this team to perform penetration testing towards the system insured
the section consist of proteins which carry flue virus genetical information's
The secret is in a small tank known as NOS.
The secreciest and cleariest the recipe will kept savely by steganografy technique.
The second, energy researchers also have thought of large scale hydrogen and methanol storage, including their distribution and marketing.  
the second younger offspring is still developing by suckling; the third is the neonate, which is the youngest.
The second wave is syntactic attack.
The second view is the most difficult view to be solved, especially because of the presence of global political interests.
The second security system works to monitor the mutated cell and undetected by the first security system.
The second reason is because candidates publish improper photos or provoking information.
The second part is a fixed dome.
The second is that the web page content displayed varies based on certain criteria.
The second generation had moved to assembly technology of nano particles, for examples the applications of nano technology on making of monitor screen to make the screen brighter, on computer chips, and on handphone memory.
The search is carried out around Curug Jaksa waterfall, Pasir Ipis, areas of safari trek and along the banks of Cisarua river.
The sea sponge has an interwoven skeletal structure made up of glass-fibres and slim pin-like structures.
The sea king of Indonesian version is also categorized as unique species due to its skin color which is not bluish, like generally Coelacant fish, but brown.
The screen is dedicated to enforce the imaging of a two-page advertisement of the new Ford, Flex Crossover.
The scientists worried about the impact of the pollution in Asia
The scientists who participated in establishing the new theory included the geneticists G.Ledyard Stebbins and Theodosius Dobzhansky, the zoologists Ernst Mayr and Julian Huxley, the paleontologists George Gaylord Simpson and Glenn L.Jepsen, and the mathematical geneticists Sir Ronald A.Fisher and Sewall Wright.
The scientists were trying to get more information about light spectrum.
The scientists were sure with the existence of brain gate and implanted electrode inside the brain will give new hope to the disabled person from birth or because of accident.
The scientists were also inspired to use the fire fly light technology to be implemented in several things including in observing goodness and badness of a therapy.
the scientists used the GPS detector to study the pegeon's couple's chose to fly back to their nests
The Scientists from Food and Agricultural Organization claimed that the global warming had a close relation to meat consumption
The scientists explained, the paper made battery worked like conventional lithium-ion
The scientists detected the existence of the lake by using visual spectrometer and infra red.
The scientists claimed the fossil as ancestors of T-Rex.
The scientists believe that rafflesia flower grew          quickly around 46 million year ago.
The scientists are worried that the impact of the pollution in Asia can demage weather pattern along the north pacific, worsening the  global warming and reduce rainfalls in West America
The scientist studies show the high level of dioxide carbon and temperature are the trigger lately.
The scientist is also in pro and contra for this problem.
the scientist has ambition to find organism out side world to answer scientific question of the origin of disease and how sun earth and solar system were formed in more than 4.5 milyar years ago.
The scientist from the US said that the nature gas reserve was in fact created through bacteria during the ice age, which can be an inspiration to develop the technology today.
The scientist forecast is provent correctly, because in October, 2001, only 4 month after that invention federal American get antrax attack
The scientist find the happening of make?up of photosynthesis in a number of land ground compare with the ancient.
The scientist find that animals have move to higher land as the global warming effect.
the scientis judget until testing water testing ideal to meansure the tuft of DEPTHX when it land in Europe
The scientific value of a theory must be assessed according to its success or failure in experiment and observation.
The scientific understanding relating to the free radical with new antioksidan appeared in the last three to four decades.
The scientific findings do not ignore questions about God and religious faith, but they even provide sharpening ideas in basic substances both  investigatively and universally.
The science offers road to this understanding, supporting the revealing of hidden dimensions, to think of reality in its working domain.
The science and technology provides new atmosphere in the US foreign roles in some parts of the world
The Schott Company, which imitated this flower's sensitivity to temperature, produced thermometers measuring temperature changes of even 0.001oC.
The scene will give a new significant about a television.
The savings in size and weight are usually achieved partly by omitting ports or having removable media/optical drives; subnotebooks are often paired with docking stations to compensate.
The satellite would observe the moon poles, besides conducting preliminary survey to prepare human landing missionm to the Moon in a decade ahead.
The satellite will orbit at the height of 760 kilometers above the earth surface and speed up with velocity of 8 kilometers per second.
The satellite waslaunched to its orbit on December 2006
The satellite is quite big so will not burn totally when it pass earth atmosphere
The satellite is predicted will fall in United State own territories
The satellite is dangerously assumed  while it falls to earth because it still consist of poisonous chemical called hydrazine
The satellite function to take picture of earth surface from its orbit with the hight resolution
The satellite detected that the flashing clouds around the most outer layer of atmosphere were formed of icy crystals whose sizes were less than 30 nanometers.
The satellite created by GeoEye company can display very high color resolution pictures.
The satellite connection has lost and can?t be detected anymore.
The satellite called Safir had been launched by using long-distance rokect technologies and succeeded in carrying a prototype satellite.
The sap could be used as environmentally friendly pesticides, he said.
The sample of Mars? soil reassembled.
The sample is oxidized for 10 hours using methanol solvent.
the same way are used to make diagnostic tools
The same was observed at all partitions: the bat appeared not only to know where the partition was but also where exactly the hole was.
The same type of chambers as those in the nautilus are utilised in submarines, where water taken in is discharged via water engines.
The same thing happened to Samsung and SanDisk.
The same opportunity is also aimed by Indosat, the operator that possesses the second largest customers in Indonesia.
The same odour is also detected by the honeybees, which start congregating at the entrance of the beehive for defence.
The same holds true for man.
The same fact is also acknowledged by Stephen Jay Gould.
The same article notes that for such complex and distinct living groups to be explained according to the theory of evolution, very rich fossil beds showing a gradual developmental process should have been found, but this has not yet proved possible.
The same article also quotes Jan Bergstrm, a paleontologist who studied the early Cambrian deposits in Chengjiang, China, as saying, The Chengyiang fauna demonstrates that the large animal phyla of today were present already in the early Cambrian and that they were as distinct from each other as they are today.
The same argument cannot be made for mechanical systems in nature.
The safest place for the newly born is the protective pouch in its mother's mouth specially designed to shelter half a dozen newly born crocodiles.
The Sacrifice of Termites.
The rule of KRI 2008 competition reference to the formal regulation of ABU Robocon 2008 which every team consist of there person and college students and lecturer that will design make operate manual and automatic robot and manage strategy.
The royal guards have been created for battle; they have shield-like heads and razor-sharp mandibles designed for defence.
The rotation from turbine converted to become the electrics energy through magnet in generator.
The roof of the Munich Olympic Stadium is constructed according to the same principle.
The role of termites among the architects of nature is indisputable.
The role of media is very important in supporting education to develop adaptation and mitigation measures to reduce the impact of climate change.
The rocks would not reach that floor if ice mountains were not formed and transported them.
The rocket which has the pushing power of 52 ton seconds was first tested in may and last Wednesday.
The rocket was able to take a light satellite with up to the lowest distance of orbit, about 250 until 500 kilomters from earth.
The robots used hidrolic system machines.
The robots are able to identify  hot  spots in the area of 50 meter square only in 53 minutes.
The robot was tested in El Zacaton, in Northwest Mexico.
The robot was put into a lvery deep lake
the robot is pulled down by using 60 ton stregh catrol to the Mexicon deep cave, which is always called cenote.
the robot had a dimension a big as smal car.
The robot had a computer sensor which allowed it to walk with a good balance, and did some navigation.
The rings are located at another Saturnus moon orbit named Janus and Epimetheus.
The ring known recently located outside the main ring clearly visible and located between thinner G and E rings.
The rigid shell also protects them from attack.
The right time would also result in the right fungi.
The rich cultural wealthis potency worth digging up.
The rich calcium bone as like on aves was used early to lay eggs
The retinal cells produce electrical signals through complicated chemical processes as described above.
The results were all parts body well
The results showed that climate shift was related to changes in oceanic circulation, and that tectonic uplifting affected the amount of ice covering Greenland.
The results of these comparisons reveal that animal taxa considered to be close relatives by evolutionists until quite recently, are in fact genetically very different, which makes the intermediate form hypothesis which only exists theoretically even more dubious.
The resulting Jacquard loom was an important step in the development of computers because the use of punched cards to define woven patterns can be viewed as an early, albeit limited, form of programmability.
The result, the model had many weaknesses and was less capable in illustrating the real condition of Indonesia?s atmosphere.
the result, has be formed the anti body
The result was surprising.
the result showed that the most primitive bird's known from their fossil, developed high feathers at their arms and legs
The result showed that 64 percent America community admitted uncomfortable with animal clone.
The result of this research was not only useful for soybean, but also for several other food plants, even for forestry plants
The result of this calibration is same with the result of other calibration using less data.
The result of the result is hoped to help the paralyses people to interact with the environment.
The result of recording can be edited easily.
The result obtained was that mouse that had p53 gene mutation died before reaching the age of 7 months.
The result it yields is extremely useful for the human body, extremely tasty and fragrant when consumed by humans.
The result is that the person concerned will die because the biological processes within his or her body cannot be carried out as the body organs cannot get nutrition and oxygen from blood.
The result is that population size is inevitably checked by factors in the environment, such as hunger and disease.
The result is an all-in-one network music player.
The result is amida aromatic polymer aramida with benzene rings and intermittent amida clusters.
The result is a sheet of small poles in which each is protected by electrolyte layer and cobalt oxide anode
The result indicates that lutein and zeaxanthine are major determinant of macular optic pigment density.
The result has been a self-ventilated and strong structure.
The result gas can be burned directly at internal for engine or reactor combustion.
The rest, it is up to us, how we use science as the basis, and we activate our transcendental function to reach Yang Maha Mulia whose knowledge can be tertampung ad even in the universe which is really big
The response taken due to varied hormone message includes, among other, stimulation or growth obstruction, and apophtosis.
The response of the US Department of Energy is that they will keep encouraging companies and users to find way to reduce green house gas emission.
The respond depends on the chemical materials in it
The Respiratory System Special to Insects.
The respiratory system of land animals and birds operate on completely different principles, primarily because birds need oxygen in much greater quantities than do land animals.
The respiration of the larvae, which repose upside down in water, takes place through an aerial tube similar to the snorkel used by divers.
The residents of mediteranian countries as Italy, Greece, Spain, Egypt, Syprus, and Marocco hold a tradition of consuming tomatoes.
The researchers then used a pacemaker to measure the directions of the heart?s movements
The researchers team explain mercurius has been known has navy blue and dark red colour
The researchers reported that they have given this new family of house lizard the name of Phyllodactylidae, which referred to leave shaped toes which are shared by many species in this group.
The researchers plan to increase pressure to learn this extraordinary characteristic.
The researchers of MIT who called the test as Witricity, a combination of a non-cable network and electric, had been able to light the bulb from a 7-feet distance by a very big filler roll and efficiency of 40 to 45 percents.
The researchers in the study of relationship between food, medical, and life style factors with macular pigment density proved that lutein and zeaxanthine contributed a lot in diversity of macular pigment density.
The researchers in Chicago found that lutein supplement could help preventing AMD development of patient suffering AMD.
The researchers from Texas were developing a vaccine for cocaine addicted people
The researchers found significant correlation of face similarity between a woman and her father, and a man with his mother.
The researchers compare the behavior of the people of Majapahit with the people of Bali since they have similarities.
The researchers carried out a DNA test towards the son of Firaun Tutankhamun.
The researchers are still trying out and collecting samples to make a prototype.
The researchers analyzed the growth of 8 and 10 years  those female dinosaurs bones, too young for dinosaurs which can survive until 30 years
The researchers also find that users can be directed to a site used as the host for slot attack in RealPlayer and slot exploitation in the Internet Explorer browser.
The researcher of South Korea succeed to develop progesterone concentration and measurement technique at bitch blood to determine time of ovum maturity.
The research which was publicated online in this biological  journal said that butterfly biological clock helped them to use sun as guide or compass.
The research that followed revealed that the bat's incredible perceptual faculty is linked to their echolocation system.
The research team of Venezuela?s oil content was successful in discovering the fossil of a giant cat with keen eye-tooth in the south-east of Caracas.
The research team also ordered the  DNA of 44 species of house lizards, and used the genetics data to reorganize the family tree of these animals
The research is planned to proceed in 3 years forward by using the British newest research ship and submerged robot
The research institution in New Zealand, use missing genetic technology potential to be prototype, that the new of onions will be marketed in this decade.
The research indicates that flavonoid prenyl structure is developed to prevent or cure diseases associated with free radicals.
The research indicated that old subject with low lutein concentration and high zeaxanthine in macula had same vision sensitiveness with young subject.
The research indicated 86 percents of decision makers in technology field had implemented virtualization project.
The research for dolphins potential as the therapy will be expanded continuously
The research exactly shows that the dominant cause of the process of ice cover up is the drastic decrease of the level of atmospheric carbon dioxide down to the level found before the Industrial Revolution at the end of the 18th century.
The research entail 7 crews found that butterfly king had an unique boilogical clock, which arranged their habitual activities such as sleep and hungry.
The research by Steven and his counterparts studies about the nature gas storage in Michigan and analyzes the trapped bacteria in the rock during the ice age.
The reproductive system of kangaroos is quite different from that of other mammals.
The representatives that win gold will receive awards from the President of the Republic of Indonesia, and facility to enter universities, so they are expected to do their best.
The report was the second notice from the Irianian Space Board released within this week
The report stated that the pollutive compund spread  to the highest strotosphere, that is, the lowest part of the athmosphere through to Asia and blown by wind to America within a week or less
The repairation of four damage sea cables needed time until January 19, 2007.
The remote control driven robots were specially designed by Boston Dynamic to assist the US military.
The remaining three week?s time was seriously used by the Unikom Robotics team to prepare themselves for the final round of the national KRCI
The remain from this process in the form of dregs which can be improved as solid fuel or processed became the active charcoal which is good for industry.
The relatively high prize is only a stimulant for Indonesians to make innovations.
The relationship was chosen because the object was firstly reported by Mike Brown of California Technology Institute just before the Easter in 2005.
The relation between both of them are oposite eachother
The regulations in 2008 KRI contest are made with reference to to the standard regulations of 2008 ABU Robocon, which determines that a team consists of three students and one supervising lecturer who will design, make, and operate manual and automatic robots and plan their strategies.
The regulation is, Googlle provides information about hundreds of cities all over the world online accessed so that it will be useful for making journey, but it does not do to the residentsof Humboldt, California
The regulation is socialized to reduce of burning risk on the plane.
The regulation also limits the passenger to bring the reserve battery not more than two pieces.
The region can then get another source of income from the selling of alternative energy.
The refusals she had many times received have made Atik a bit doubtful when she was about to take part in the program that were organized by a French cosmetic company and supported by  UN?s agency on education and culture.
The refusal was followed up by several countries with an initiative to hold a limited meeting in order to smoothen the wish to take Iran nuclear crisis problem to UN Security Council.
The refrigerator, made by Gorenje and exhibited at IFA 2008 consumer exhibition in Berlin, is in fact has obtained official license from Apple for the i-Pod features.
The reflection of these sounds, which are inaudible to humans, enables the bat to get a map of its environment.
The reflecting eye, of which the lobster's eye was one example, is found in only one group of crustaceans, the so-called long-bodied decapods.
The reef formation is particularly found from surface up to 12 meters depth.
The red blood cells display a flawless working order.
The recordholder in this category is a species of whale that can dive down to 9900 feet 3000 metres on a single breath.
The record jumps, and all the evidence shows that the record is real.
The record from the Cambrian Age demolishes Darwinism, both with the complex bodies of trilobites, and with the emergence of very different living bodies at the same time.
The record can be stored in compressed form Motion JPEG AVI.
The recipe is the writter request to apothecary to prepare the drug.
The receiving report party must decide handling of the report, whether to process instantly, postpone, or disregard it.
The reason, love in internet will not end happily and even will diminish someone?s responsibility.
The reason was the farmers could get much water.
The reason is that animals burst into the fossil record in astonishing profusion during the Cambrian, seemingly from nowhere.
The reason is if the hijacking is abandoned freely, it will reduce the potentials of software companies' incomes in Indonesia
The reason for this is very simple.
The reason for this is the heavy propaganda that has been carried out.
The reason for this is a concept called irreducible complexity.
The reason for the bends is the entrance of air directly into the blood and formation of air bubbles in the arteries.
The reason for NEL to do so is for energy efficiency particularly in facing peak load at those hours.
The reason for a person's face turning white when cold is the precaution that the body automatically takes.
The reason Darwin cited such a far-fetched example was the primitive understanding of science in his day.
The reasearh was used 4275 men and women between 2001 to 2006
The reasearchers team clarify man who snoring 6 or 7 times a week have 68 percent higher of bronchitis risk than man who never snoring
The reality is that technology is indeed developing rapidly now.
The real example of this crime was happened in the first round election
The reader will agree that it is surprising, to say the least, to want to prove evolution and to discover its mechanisms and then to choose as a material for this study a being which practically stabilized a billion years ago.
The reactive protection explodes towards the outside, and changes the courses of incoming projectiles.
The reaction involving strong acid is also used in organic synthesis reaction to produce polymer, vitamins, medicines, and daily product goods.
The reaction in fermentation process glucose C6H1206 and yield to become ethanol and energy.
The reached into around the missing water sours show the possibility melt part of elementary frost earth.
The raw materials come from crude oil as its building blocks.
The raw material used to create liquid hydrocarbon compound originates from natural gas via catalytic process.
The rate was the selling data in June 2008 and was predicted to increase up 2,1 percent from year to year.
The rate is only 1% lower than in 2006, but the total loss increases from Rp 3,2 trillion in 2006 to Rp. 3,8 trillion in 2007
The radial muscles remain stretched during these happenings that cause the mantle to thicken.
The radial muscles are situated in between these, in a perpendicular orientation.
The Qur?anic verses, however, inform us that the purpose of the Qur?an?s revelation is entirely different from what is mentioned above.
The questions have been prepared since last year.
The questions have been discussed from various aspects of answers for a year
the question uft is that there any life in Europe.
The Question of Transitional Forms and Stasis.
The question is: how do the birds come to be equipped with a natural compass.
The question is, how the star can be formed in galaxy?s whirl.
The question about God, in its relation to creating the universe, the question about the aim of universe existence, and its relation to human beings reappear and are proposed through opening new thought corridor.
The queen starts expanding after the first fertilisation.
The quality of examination questions on the second IOAA was considered much better and more substantial than those on first IOAA-1in Thailand, last year.
The quality of air in Beijing was questioned as the result of the increasing ased of vehicles and industrial pollution
The purpose of programming is to create a program that exhibits a certain desired behavior customization.
The purpose its KRI he exposed to make creativity grow and develop, interest of college student in advance technology, especially robotica technology which is very required by industry.
The purpose is to show that the things people think they have attained with their own skill already exist in nature and to remind us how wrong it is for man to be boastful.
The purpose behind this is to make it harder for the others to find them.
The purple ray has a radius of 800 meters, so it takes 12 WEL-Ts to cover an area of one hectare of paddy fields, but compared with using pesticides, it could save Rp300 thousand, as the costs of making it is only Rp190 thousand, not to mention that WEL-T is environmentally friendly.
The pure SOD is in form of orgoteina peptide which is called as anti inflammation agent.
The pupa cocoon is torn at the top.
The Pump in a Giraffe.
The prototype we developed was a combination of research results that were still separately spread, said Ahmad.
The prototype of this translation system has been developed and demonstrated in the event.
The protest done by people alliences for democraty PAD continuously insisted Samak to resign because of manipulating the result of the general election
The protection is designed to protect the tanks and their drivers and riders from all dangers, including kinetic energy penetrator shot from other tanks.
The proper use of this grenade is for making boundary lines, directing movement of a crowd of people, or for protecting besieged policemen.
The propeller-like engine is constructed on the same mechanical principles as an electric motor.
The proof said, such myth and faith were used as social control for society.
The prominent weakness of Kevlar is that it can be decomposed if it is exposed to basal condition or chlorin.
The project which was said to be an experimental project succeeded in getting thousands of interested people who downloaded this e-book.
The project amount 60 millions of euro is expected to reduce emissions about 33.000 ton of global warming factors.
The progress of both banks will certainly contribute and provides quite big advantage to the economics and development of North Sumatera.
The program that uses GUI is very friendly and allows you to program various equipments.
The program text, or source, was converted into machine instructions using a special program called a compiler.
The program is very inspiring me because though the participants come from different countries with various backgrounds, we are one.
The program is launched as part of cooperative between the government with police department, company and university in developing face detection system
The program is funded by the government, which part of the fund originated is soft loan from the World Bank and grants.
The program in the game has designed an intelligent model for every creature.
The professors of computer and electric engineering in Texas develop taste sensor or artificial tounge.
The products or services may be purchased at the website itself, by entering credit card or other payment information into a payment form on the site.
The products of living cretaures are, among all, enzyms and alcohol.
The production of cellular phones without monitors, GPS, and radio FM are still carrying on.
The product which is called Elektronik Logistik is said to have the capabilities of overcoming difficulties and obstacles faced by delivery service companies.
The product was named electronic logistic will be able to solve the problems and abstacle that face by the deliver company,
The product itself is only a trial version, and is not produced yet in big volume.
The producer was quite responsive with need of current public.
The produced laughing gas then is purified and liquefied by pressuring and cooling.
The processing equipment is generally an operating unit.
The processed reports will be displayed in the internet, so public can know existing environmental problems and handlings by respected authorities.
The process, cassava is proceed become cassava meal, be fermented, added sugar and mushroom then put into container machine, he describes
The process to turn this tuber into flour is not complicated, it can even be done in a traditional process.
The process should be carried by the doctors quickly and accurately.
The process of writing source code requires expertise in many different subjects, including knowledge of the application domain, specialized algorithms and formal logic.
The process of sight is actually a great deal more complicated than the outline presented here would indicate.
The process of natural selection thus causes an increase of favorable genes within a population, which results in the features of that population being better adapted to local conditions.
The process of goods transportation, activities in the warehouse can be controlled using Elektronik Logistik.
The process of fixing of the under sea cable that broke because of earthquake in Taiwan had some abstacles.
The process of electric bill calculation used by the customer, loss because of electric stealing, and many kinds of problems directly relating to electric user are included in distribution subsystem.
The process of building games is hoped to be introduced since secondary school levels through extracuricular activities.
The process is very important to increase octane concentration in petrol by changing long hydrocarbon molecular chain into short molecular chain.
The process is under so much scrutiny that thrombin only forms when there is a real wound to the tissues.
The process is through early free radical creation, continued with transmittance or new radicals? creation and destruction or transformation to stable free and not-reactive radicals.
The process in which the front leg of a reptile could transform into a flawless wing seems to be as inexplicable as ever.
The process drew an occur mechanism and process during evolution and how engineering life run naturally
The procedure succeeded is conducted to the dozens of other species, such as horse and cat.
The proboscis expands at its tip thus helping to disclose the natural zip.
The problems of receiving protests have also been encountered by Google not long after the feature was launched in May 2007.
The problem of this method is carbon-14 proportion in total carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is not constant but slightly varied from time to time because radiocarbon production in the atmosphere is not constant from year to year.
The Problem of the Origin of Life.
The problem of large bandwidth is also mentioned by the Head of Service Center for Information Technology and Communication, the University of Gajah Mada, Bambang Nurcahyo Prastowo.
The Problem of Genetics.
The problem of cross operators SMS tariff is a hot topic in telecommunication industry now because the Business Competition Monitoring Committee BCMC are examining cartel practice conducted by cellular operators and the Association of Indonesia Cellular Telecommunication.
The problem now is the dices never exist.
The problem is this science site is considered to break rules by displaying without warning sexually theme pictures in some articles.
The problem is the major producer of global carbon dioxide emission is coal-fired power station.
The problem is the lower tone, because loudspeaker bass is called woofer must  tens centimeter ideally
The problem is that computer game is claimed can cause the decrease of children?s concentration which in turn might harm their learning capability.
The problem has been solved well by YouTube.
The problem for the scientist is that how to protect the austronomers who stay in the house from dust attack on moon
The prisoners are put on the stocks the above pillar then the germ phatogen put on the body.
The prints which was found in 2006 came from the a twenty meter length animal which weighted between 30 to 40 ton, small head, long neck, and big foot.
The principle of parachutes is the same as that of this plant.
The principal director of Telkomsel admits that he has prohibited his staffs from discrediting other operators in the new pre-paid card tariff program.
The primitive understanding of science in his time rested on the assumption that living things had very simple structures.
The primary weapon of a tank is its cannon, of which size can only be surpassed by a big artillery howitzer.
The primary function of this mechanism is the inhalation of oxygen-rich air into the lungs.
The prices are not just in millions but billions.
The price of nanosilica is only 30 percents more expensive than cement, but its quality increases by two times.
The price of converter box is estimated between $ 50 USD to $ 70 USD and can be bought in electronic store in that country
The price of a website will soar high if its traffic soars.
The previous submarine has toured the bottom of the North Pole sea
The pressure inside the lungs is increased to balance the outside pressure.
The president of the United States must be sensitive to the climate
The president candidate of the Democrat Party conveyed in his speech, as quoted by Cnet, that he had made plans which had been concluded in the program plans.
The present era is different form that of five years ago.
The presence of other impure salts, usually calcium can disturb the interactions of the polymer sheets and it has to be eliminated  during the production process.
The presence of Google Apps forces these companies to review their business as they will be gradually crushed by revolution in the server fields.
The presence of a coagulation system inside the body of a minute insect like the ant is another testimony to the creation.
The power in vibration will be change to the electric power through  a generator.
The Power and Energy Problem.
The potential damage of telecommunication signals
The post for science and technology advisor has been filled out since 2000 in order to develop national and international cooperation principles with technocrates and scientist community.
The possibility, dreaming is brain exercises to stimulate nerve traffic among brain cells
The possibility is that this poses a threat to new technologies such as HSDPA which has cost big investment.
The portion below the heart, especially legs and feet, needs special protection.
The Port Replicator was often a passive device that simply mated to the connectors on the back of the notebook.
The port is the standard interface used in special computers of outer space program.
The population and habitat of Sumatran tigers are predicted less than 400 tigers.
The popularity of Nintendo Wu has been so high so many parties try to imitate.
The pollution from Asia makes US tighten its air quality standard
The policy is along with the issue of imergency by Thai's government
The policies presented by Obama were enough to attract interests of investors and entrepreneurs who wanted a more friendly-to-environment performance.
The poison shows its effects so quickly that the prey does not have time to do any harm to the snake.
The pointing stick is usually a rubber dot that is located between the G, H and B keys on the laptop keyboard.
The players can interact and share tips.
The players can develop community with city, government, and trade transaction up to rocket development to reach the outer space.
The players are requested to maintain area stability, protecting deer dead body from wild bear and other beasts.
The platypus, a mammal living in Australia, reproduces by laying eggs just like reptiles.
The platform was equipped with a ballast weighing between 400 to 500 kilograms, in addition to buoy balls.
The platelets that become entangled in the location of the injury release a substance that collects countless others to the same place.
The platelets die after performing their duty in locating the wound.
The plants which comefrom tropical fonest in southesst asia particularly Indonesia lived as parasit sticking to another plants.
The plant, no doubt, did not suddenly transform into a hunter.
The plant is not even aware that it is hunting.
The planet surface be wrinkles because of aging
The planet found by the astronaut in 1930 is smaller than other planets.
The plan has been tested to the delivery packages in Philadelphia
The place was not occupied and not in use by local people as cemetery and ritual location.
The pilot who flies an airplane needs to know the weather condition like the speed and direction of blowing wind, clouds, rain, thunders, invisible wind, forest fire haze, dust, volcanic eruption, and else.
The pictures recorded are more in number and more intact.
The picture presented by the Cambrian fossils clearly refutes the assumptions of the theory of evolution, and provides strong evidence for the involvement of a supernatural being in their creation.
The picture explanation is set at Caption and Subtitles menu at editing page that appear when processing video upload.
The picture explanation appears as white text on black background in the center of video clip.
The picture can be brought and transferred to other people.
The picture above shows a model that is prepared to apply the same aerodynamic structure to aeroplanes.
The physiological effect felt by patient is unconscious for a while.
The phylum called Chordata includes those creatures with the notochord, or, most commonly, a spinal column.
The phrase light as a feather depicts the perfection in the intricate structure of a feather.
The photuris feminine could imitate flashing lights signal which was spread by the others type feminine, such as Photuris
The photos of congealed samples had been sent for an analysis.
The Phoenix Mars Lander Society again found it difficult to remove the Mars? soil samples to the instruments, which would examine the whereabouts of water content.
The phenomenon, which is typical Indonesia, has generated sharp increases in traffics of communication and cellular services.
The phenomenon of the cloud forming seen many times during the summer is still mysterious, though it has already been known since the last 120 years.
The phenomenon is mentioned by Educational Psychologists in a conference of industrial technology experts on children development and technology.
The person's mouth and nose structure adds personal properties unique to him.
The person's friend compares the sound he hears to others in his memory.
The person who is prepared to sacrifice her/his life using a bomb car usually commission one or more people who are also prepared to sacrifice their lives, to drive and crash the car into a building, thus exploding it.
The perfect creation of God is evident.
The pepsis has to find a tarantula for each one of the twenty eggs it will lay throughout the reproductive season.
The people of North Sumatera do not need to visit library physically in order to see books or documents as they can do it online.
The penetration Testing is assumed as crucial thing in computer security
The Penetration Testing Can be a Two-side Sword
The penetration of Open Source application tends to grow from year to year.
The peculiarities of ichthyosaur structure would seemingly require a long time for their development and hence a very early origin for the group, but there are no known Permian reptiles antecedent to them.
The patient used life belt to swim on the sea water pool with the dolphin.
The patient could get fainted and lose consciousness, and even he or she could directly die.
The patien with kidney failure needs process of losing poisioned substances from blood and keeps liquid balance which is usually done by healthy kidney.
The Patent Office of  the United States of America confirms the news and says the application might be approved in a year.
The passive cards are preferred for long term use, such as for identification cards, attendance cards, and goods security cards.
The parts are so strategically located that a single move easily sets the wings in motion.
The particles making up the genetic information are either torn from their places, destroyed, or carried off to different places.
The participate of the society will very assistive in implementation of development of the crop of produce bio energy, so that in the end of this nation will able to go out from the energy crisis by stocked anabatic continuously.
The participants also discussed with experts from five different sectors - government, organization, business, education, and media - that will share their experiences and best tips in managing climate change prevention project.
The partial rings are composed of meteorite debris that might collide the moon?s surface.
The part of the brain was responsible to move corytex motoric.
The parents would have difficulty in finding food to feed the young due to the inconvenient weather conditions and due to the fact that the seas are further away.
The parent penguins soon start to hunt fish in these holes and feed their young.
The panel'ss report will be presented in the next summer
The panda got pregnant through an artificial insemination with the help of two experts from the province of Sichuan, China, a province known for its bamboo woods, which is a natural habitat of panda.
The paleontologists would carry on research for the dinosaur?s bones they found before they named the dinosaur.
The Palapa Ring consortium asked the Minister of Finance to reduce import tax of fiber optic in order to make communication tariff offered can be cheaper.
The palace of Majapahit Kingdom is predicted around Segaran, but we have not been able to determine it as there is no indication of the palace there.
The paddy research team from Gadjah Mada University Yogyakarta ensures that Supertoy HL-2 rice is old type rice recognized as Pari Jawa Javanese Paddy.
The Ozone hole in the sky layer of north pole sky was found in 1980
The oxygen we inhale will be changed by the body cells constantly into a very reactive compound, known as oxygen reactive compound, one of free radicals
The oxygen that supplies all of these fast working systems is provided by special avian lungs.
The oxygen is as necessary for the cells' burning of sugars in energy production as it is for setting a log on fire.
The oxygen in the air is absorbed by the blood in the lungs.
The Oxford University zoologist Richard Dawkins, one of the foremost advocates of evolutionist thought in the world, comments on this reality that undermines the very foundation of all the arguments he has been defending.
The owner of this superior wisdom whose existence they have grasped through science is unquestionably Allah, the Sustainer of the heavens and the earth.
The outstanding property of this substance is its ability to release in stretching up to 97% percent of the energy that is stored in it.
The outer layer is very thin and flexible.
The outer body is covered with magnesium alloy that can resist shock 20 times larger than plastic.
The outcome of this collaboration is a minute robot weighing 0,015 ounce 0,42 gram and walking 13 feet 4 metres a minute.
The others, biotechnology used genome is also implicated in police sector.
The other, the cursorial theory, suggests that birds progressed to the air from the land.
The other way is by heating ammonium nitrate at temperature 240 degrees Celsius.
The other uses include as rocket fuel, producing hydrochloride acid, reducing steel ore and balloon filler gas.
The other type, i.e marine bony fish, are much different.
The other space manager also turned off for a while electronic system to prevent bad effect.  
The other robot may get an earthen container with a cheese ball inside and put it in a basket.
The other of five criteria are mobility, relaxtion, focus, and attention have not shown the result.
The other members of the crustacea class display the refracting type eye structure, which works on completely different principles from those of the reflecting type.
The other main component of plastic that they used was carbon dioxide, which is known as an atmospheric gas that is increasing especially in this century.
The other isotopes are Deuterium and Tritium.
The other dissimilar product is gas in form of dioxide carbon CO2, methane CH4 and some gas owning amount minimize.
The other day, there was a story in the mailing list coming from a victim of the crime of login data stealing.
The origins of vision, hearing and thinking cannot be explained by the trust of evolutionists in coincidences.
The origin of these systems cannot be fully explained by evolution.
The Origin of Species, by means of Natural Selection.
The Origin of Species in the Fossil Record.
The Origin of Reptiles.
The origin of evolutionary modifications lies in random mutations that take place in the genetic structures of living things.
The organization council that centered in Italy had duty to investigate the risks which can emerge if human consumed the food and beverage was from animal clone.
The organism habitat move to higher land.
The organic material gathered at digester will be elaborate became to phase contractively by two bacteria type.
The organ that evolutionist researchers had proposed as a primitive lung turned out to be nothing but a fat-filled swimbladder.
The orderly electricity turning off, the boost of electricity subcribing, and effort of finding out new electricity sources are the central issues attracting many sides.
The operators usually provide time-based service, which means time limit, and volume-based, which means based on volume quota.
The operators usually are reluctant to disclose their investations in providing services during the coming home tradition.
The operators can deny to disclose their spendings on providing services during the coming home tradition, but it can be predicted easily that their revenues will increase sharply during the coming home tradition and the Festive Days of Moslems.
The operators are expected to be consistent in enhancing service capability, not only to face the Festive Days of Moslems but also at casual days.
The operations performed by the beetle cannot even be performed by human beings, with the exception of chemists.
The operation process had involved 40 doctors, assistants, and nurses led by Christoph Hoehnke.
The only thing the parents can do to protect their offspring from the ice cold is to put it on top of their feet and warm it with their tummy.
The only systems that suffered the defect were ones displaying the same image for years, and with these the presence of burn-in was not a noticeable effect when in use, since it coincided with the displayed image perfectly.
The only reason female gnats, unlike the males, suck blood is their need for the proteins found in blood which help their eggs to develop.
The only instance evolutionary biologists give of useful mutation is the disease known as sickle cell anemia.
The only explanation Darwin could come up with to counter this objection was the argument that the fossil record uncovered so far was inadequate.
The only difference between the ant and the spider is the number of legs.
The only connection of a termite nest to the world outside is through tunnels that are the size of a single termite.
The only answer is hidden in the desire to reproduce and protect the young.
The onion are created biotechnologically by changing genes behind the enzyme that will tear if onion are peeled.
The one who is worthy of praise and admiration for the great architectural wonders they construct is surely not these little creatures, but Allah Who created them with this talent.
The Olympic triggers the rise in TV cellular phone prices in Japan.
The Olympic representatives are promised with scholarships and research funds upon return from the Olympic.
The Olympic held from last 8 to 24 August made air  resh in Beijing city, China
The oldest Seymouria fossils are found in the Lower Permian layer, or 280 million years ago.
The oldest member of the Chordata phylum identified from the Cambrian Age is a sea-creature called Pikaia, which with its long body reminds one at first sight of a worm.
The oldest known snake fossil is Dinilysia, found in Upper Cretaceous rocks in South America.
The old saying that bigger is better now is not valid anymore.
The oksidative strees condition brings about oksidative damages starting from cell level, membranes, to the body organs, causing the occurrence of aging process acceleration and diseases.
The offspring feeds on the flesh of the tarantula and takes shelter in its body until the cocoon period.
The oesophagus of the female frog dilates during birth, just like the vagina of mammals during delivery.
The occurrence lasts when there is an energy syntesis process by motocondria or detocsification process involving the P-450 sitocrom in the lever.
The obstacle frequently happen is when dry season arrives.
The obstacle came precisely when he was pronounced passing the initial selection test and had to go to Jakarta for further tests.
The observation that species are amazingly conservative and static entities throughout long periods of time has all the qualities of the emperor's new clothes.
The observation is part of the inter-countries global program.
The observation is conducted during the night, involving 30 people, which are divided into four groups.
The objects including in the small planet are located in Kuiper Strip, an orbit area farther than Neptunus Planet.
The objectives of KRI, it was said, were to develop students? creativity and interests in advanced technology, especially robotics technology which is very much needed in industry.
The objective is to secure the sitting of laptop, so it won?t be shaky during traveling.
The objective is to kill Arab as many as possible, of which some dress like terrorist, while the rest are civilians,
The obituary written prior the event was in fact not a new stuff in journalism.
The nutrients are produced by soil fertilizing bacteria activities that capable to capture N2 from the atmosphere and conduct fixation to produce nitrogenous compounds.
The nursing parents carefully feed the offspring, which they take to be theirs.
The number of these transitional forms should have been even greater than that of present animal species, and their remains should be found all over the world.
The number of the staff was fairly divided to work in two different sides of the arms.
The noted author and science expert Roger Lewin describes the result of a four-day symposium held in November 1980 at the Chicago Museum of Natural History, in which 150 evolutionists participated.
The nose and the ears are covered with long hairs to protect the animal from sand and dust.
The NOS role as engine extra power source can not be separated from its chemical content, i.e. mono-oxide di-nitrogen or known as N2O injected into carburetor.
The normal hydrogen isotope is named Protium.
The NFU speaker denied this fact and insisted that metana emission from breeding was far decreased
The next tickling questionis until when Google can give this free service.
The next stage of eyes disorder is wet AMD that covers abnormal blood vessels in macula that might lead to total blindness.
The next challenge is how to prevent electromagnetic area which disturbs other parts of computer and avoid from any free energy during transmitting process.
The newly born generation is the first generation of the year and lives about one and a half months long.
The newly born are so developed that they can fly just a few hours after they pop out of their eggs.
The newest processor from Inter is called Atom
The newest evidences indicated water content in  moon
The new system is target tp spent the cost about one million USD and is expected can be experimented for first time ni 2010
The new suspension systems such as Christie?s suspension system or bar torsion suspension improve performance and speed drastically.
The new railway track will become the longest in the world, connecting Beijing and Shanghai.
The new museum will complete the existing 40 museums.
The new molecular based phylogeny has several important implications.
The new GTP-transducinrhodopsin complex can now very quickly bind to another protein resident in the cell called phosphodiesterase.
The new dolphin, lacking lips to suck, receives milk through two sources coming out of a slit on the mother?s ventral surface.
The new classification was different from the previous one, which was merely based on the structure of their legs.
The new cells were allowed to grow and bind the collagen tissues in nutritious liquid in a special room in the laboratory.
The nerve signals only alert the muscles in preparation for the flight and, when they reach a certain level of tension, they relax by themselves.
The neon age about 10 thousand, ten times age of fluorescent.
The neo-Darwinist model, which we shall take as the mainstream theory of evolution today, argues that life has evolved through two natural mechanisms: natural selection and mutation.
The neglicence towards security system often makes user to perform an action putting the system into insecure condition
The need of global energy in the next 30 years will double per year.
The need is felt specialy in insurance companies, financial services, and also within the educational fields whose documents increase in large volume every year, and cannot be discarded carelessly.
The need for great amounts of oxygen is satisfied by an extraordinary respiratory system lodged within the bodies of flies and other insects.
The need for food resources, increases geometrically, while food resources themselves increase only arithmetically.
The neatly placed white eggs soon start to darken, and they turn completely black in a couple of hours.
The nature has already been millions of years.
The nature and its complicated, efficient, and beautiful biological elements provide inspiration and advantages human beings.
The natural resources were very interesting for Russia since their prices increased significantly.
The Nasa is trying to find out networks gaps so that we will be more anticipative if it occurs again some day.
The nano technology becomes one of many hopes for human beings in overcoming technology problems being encounted today, that is, there is a lack of human understanding towards the smallest material that could be observed.
The NAND technology is used in memory flash used in digital equipment, such as camera, music player, and cell phone.
The name of the animal you see in the picture is the Bombardier Beetle.
The name of Makemake was taken from the name of humanity god in Rapa Nui culture grown in Easter Island, Polynesia.
the mysteries in the reproduction of animals.
The myoglobin proteins have a high affinity for oxygen, so the oxygen necessary for the creature is not stored in the lungs but directly in the muscles.
The mutation occurs to p53 was detected on majority of human tumor? cells.
The music you stored is the result of CD conversion via Windows Media Player, so probably it is not converted to MP3, but in Window Media Audio.
The muscular system in the cuttlefish closely resembles that of the octopus.
The muscles, then, start to direct the wings according to the new situation.
The muscles that move the wings are connected at the bottom and top surfaces of the chest.
The muscles that enable flight in these insects are not directly tied to the bones of the body.
The muscles enabling movement of the wings contract at take-off and relax on landing.
The muscles are tied to levers inside the body.
The murai birds were busy observing contrast stickers on their bodies when they were in front of mirrors.
The mummy was predicted as female with 1300 years of age or lived in the Wari culture
The mummy of Queen Nefertiti has not been identified yet until today.
The mummy mask is a typical of a lady with sharp nose, fine lip, big eyes with white conjunctiva and black eyeball
The mucoid fluid covering the blue trout?s skin reduces friction in the same manner, and helps these fish proceed easily in water despite strong water resistance.
The movements of these magnets will be detected by sensors placed around the cheeks.
The movement of free software that ignited free software originated in 1983, aiming for freedom provision for every computer user.
The movement is done acurately and quickly
The motivation owned by hackers to discover vunerability is to prove their capabilities or as a part of social control toward the system.
The moths on tree trunks photographed by Kettlewell, were actually dead moths.
The moths had not acquired a new trait or organ, which would cause speciation.
The mother releases the newly born frogs into these flowers, where they grow safely.
The mother has to swallow the eggs, and has to stop feeding completely for 6 weeks.
The mother cuckoo works out a remarkable strategy with perfect timing to guarantee that its offspring makes a safe start in life.
The mother crocodile brings the eggs out and helps the offspring pop out of their eggs by using its teeth as tweezers.
The mother cannot, by any means, arrange all these consciously.
The mother cannot make this arrangement, because, like all other living things, it has no control over the developments taking place in its body.
The most thoroughly considered view of evolution was expressed by the French biologist Jean-Baptiste Lamarck, in his Zoological Philosophy.
The most significant feature of the dragonfly is its wings.
The most realistic example was the case of bank account data selling at the price of only 35 poundsterling in eBay.
The most outstanding characteristic of the lobster eye is its surface, which is composed of numerous squares.
The most intriguing of their abilities is their extraordinary faculty of navigation.
The most interesting thing is that these animals are blind.
The most interesting part of the event starts after this stage: the poison of the wasp is placed in its body not to kill the tarantula but to paralyse it.
The most interesting is protection value of high diet in vegetable.
The most important proof that mutations lead only to damage, is the process of genetic coding.
The most important point is that this proficient hunter does not have the capacity to think.
The most important of all these kingdoms is without doubt the animal kingdom.
The most important known marine reptile is the creature known as the ichthyosaur.
The most important feature of these categories is, as we touched on earlier, that they possess totally different physical characteristics.
The most frequently found protection is the passive protection, namely. metal, steel, and ceramic layers.
The most flexible material in the market today has a ratio of 85%.
The most famous ones were V1 and V2. both used simple autopilot system to keep the cruising direction of the missile to the previously planned route.
The most extraordinary aspect of the construction art of termites is that they provide continuous air to the colony and keep the heat and moisture amazingly constant.
The most common use was in a corporate computing environment where the company had standardized on a common network card and this same card was placed into the docking station.
The most astonishing finding was the return flight, which started shortly before sunrise.
The more the larva eats, the more it grows; the more it grows, the more it eats.
The more ions H+ released the more strong is the acid.
The more interesting the content of a portal is, the more visitors come to see it, and the more people make links to that website, this results in the website?s heavier traffics and consequently the price of the web becomes more and more expensive.  
The more impressing one is that humankind owns consciousness and ability to feel and to think.
The more important is I enjoy making it and the game is fun to play.
The more dioxide carbon upper there is the more atmosphere create motivation and satellite move faster.
The more complex and the mutual connecting among parts in system cause system more complicated to be guaranteed its security.
The monitoring scientists are anxious the event is not stopped yet.
The monitor comprises the display device, simple circuitry to generate and format a picture from video sent by the signals source, and usually an enclosure.
The Monarchs that migrate are the fourth generation in the year.
The Monarch butterfly can fly from North America to the interior of Continental America.
The molecule is reactive in finding founding out its pair electron.
The Modern Synthesis is a remarkable achievement.
The models constructed to summarise the working of the system are enough to depict the complicated nature of the system.
The model was less capable in representing parameters in the very dynamic equator like Indonesia.
The model currently exhibited was the conventional one which used a remote controller.  Scientists would develop BigDog by adding a sensor which could make the robot move more flexibly.
The mixing gas result is called synthese or usually syngas
The MIT team has created its anode and catode.
The mission which took place in two hours to collect the data about condition of the lake bottom, one of which took sample of the oil did not run well
The mission that the character has to accomplish is to wipe out Moslems.
The Miraculous Design In The Flight of Insects.
The miraculous creation of birds does not end with wings, feathers or their migration skills.
The minor improvements in successive generations should be as readily preserved as the species themselves.
The ministery said the 344 websites contained information that insulted the royal family
The Minister of information and Communication promised to come up with the minister policy relating to insentives for telecomunication operators which can reach isolated areas in Indonesia  as soon as possible.
The minister Kusmayanto Kadiman, who is very concern to the astronomy and astrophysics sciences, also expect Indonesia to develop human resources and to optimize the use of astronomical facility.
the Minister for Research and Technology who was the Rector of ITB Institute Technology of Bandung, which the institute is in charge of facility, stated that the Bosscha Observatory is a strategic asset of science belonged to Indonesia, and furthermore the facility becomes valuable as it is the only stars observation facility in the southern part of earth and adjacent to the equator.
The migration story of Monarch butterflies, which live in southeast Canada, is more complex than that of the birds.
The Mexican scientists said that the prints were probably left by a brontosaurs.
The Metrology and Geophysics Board is an official government institution responsible to provide the information of weather and climate to society.
The method used was rather unsophisticated as most of YM active users know that YM chatting place can be misused by irresponsible persons for spreading viruses and other conventional crime.
The method used for feeding the larvae is rather astonishing.
The method of mosquito racquet was combined with a traditional tool for catching flying white ants.
The method is, muscle and bladder cells are taken from patient?s bladder.
The method is not complicated, based on knowledges that Kanang learns from various books on typing using 10 fingers he eventually invents a faster method.
The method developed by Georgia tech also differs from the utilization of tongue developed by newAbilities System Inc.
The method can be used to develop herbicide, new polymers, and fuel.
The methan concentration is known to increase more than two times as much in the last 100 years.
The meteriologysts used eight planes of chemical substance carriers and 241 rockets which made Beijing stay dry during the closing ceremony some days ago
The metamorphosis is complete and the insect is ready to fly.
The metabolisms of migratory birds are strong enough to put up with this task.
The message is carried this way for about a quarter to a fortieth of a millimetre.
The message in steganografy seems like ordinary message, so that a little possibility for the suspected
The Memorandum of Understanding was intended to open possibilities of  developing program cooperation in space sciences between the two countries.
The members of these communities communicate through senses such as smell and taste, where chemical signals are exchanged.
The melon, which is a fatty structure in the dolphin's forehead, serves as an accaustical lens and focuses the clicks of the dolphin into a narrow beam.
The meeting is attended by some nobel laureates and young generations in the age of 17 - 22 years which are potential in science.
The medullary bone was the bone characters about two or three weeks to female for reproduction
The medical science is really meritous for social life.
The meaning of this research is that sulphur opens opportunity for development of experiment of superconductivity theory.
The mating between the laptop and docking station was typically through a large, high speed, proprietary connector.
The materials used in bulletproof vests are, among other things, steel and titanium, ceramic or the kinds of polymer which can give extra protection of the vital parts of the users.
The material for making the battery  was not too expensive, but the scientists are still trying to find way to mass product the battery.  
The material can be found at various areas, such as the coast, mountains, and others, so it can be exploited easily and cheaply.  
The material also flexible enough to be moved by the muscles used for flight.
The massive use of tanks occurred in the Battle of Cambrai on 21 November 1917.
The Marketing modulehas been implemented, though still in developmental stage.
The market niche of e-book is interesting enough.
The mankind is supposed to look on the nature.
The manager of intel to Indonesia in his official statement in Jakarta described that the processor was designed differently from others
The manager of East Java Telkom said that internet penetration escalation in East Java was less than 1 percent from mid- until the end of 2007.
The management of electric system in Indonesia covering those three functions as explained above is carried out by single operator, a state-owned company called PLN.
The males of these frogs have been created with pin-like extensions under their thumbs, with which they rip the skin off an intruder male.
The male, by using special extensions on its tail, cleans any possible sperm left from another male.
The male small African toad Nectophyrne afra constructs nests out of mud, which are filled with water to form ponds, on the coasts of lakes or slow flowing rivers.
The male sheep was named by Rovana that was born on September 30th, 2006 in central city of Isfahan less than 2 months the country have cloned the sheep died in minute.
The majority of paleontologists felt their evidence simply contradicted Darwin's stress on minute, slow, and cumulative changes leading to species transformation.
The majority of crustaceans have the refracting eye structure.
The major obstacle is cost, especially the cost to take CO2 from chimney.
The major function of nuclues pore is as molecule exchanges facility between nucleus and cytoplasm.
The main weapon of the tarantula is its fatal poison.
The main reason includes candidates? backgrounds which support their qualification for work, possessing good communication skills, and interested with professional appearance of the sites.
The main reason for the refusal to Iran?s nuclear program was a suspicion of program misuse for purposes of nuclear weaponry.
The main question, however, lies just here.
The main purpose of this system is to remove all substances likely to cause bacteria production.
The main purpose is to use the heat produced by the bacteria in decaying plants to warm the eggs.
The main purpose behind a dynamic site is that it is much simpler to maintain a few web pages plus a database than it is to build and update hundreds or thousands of individual web pages and links.
The main flight muscles, which also produce the necessary energy for flight, provide this flexibility.
The main factor underlying all of these abilities is the presence of skeletons made of hard materials such as the bones that do not lose their shape.
The main concentrasion in the pollution is mercury, one of the most dangerous pollutive compunds which came from hundreds of coal burnings for electric generators in Asia countries
The main characteristics of a tank are the protective armour which is usually made of heavy steel, its weapon which is a large cannon, and its high mobility to move smoothly in all fields.
The main anticipation for this was the provision  of new BTS?.
The magnitude of this change in Earth's biota demands an explanation.
The macular pigment is believed to protect retina from radiation array entering eyes.
The machine used a series of pasteboard cards with holes punched in them.
The machine and robots are dry and hard materials, much different from biological elements, which are wet and soft.
The luxurious theme appears in its elegant design of solid black with chrome-plated frame and leather-coated back.
The lower jaw acts as a receptor, which transmits the signals back to the ear.
The low rate production of national soybean was 1.2 ton/ha while in America reached 2.3 ton/ha, according to Endang, it caused negative stigmas
The low mount efficiency energy brings the influence for global warming.
The low market absorption rate of e-books can be seen from the low demands, which make publishers think a thousand times before they make electronic versions of the books they published.
The lover and mother of a man tend to have similarities in lips, mouths width, and jaws width.
The loss in the plant produce was caused by, among other things, diseases, insects, weeds and the environment.
The loom could produce entirely different weaves using different sets of cards.
The long snout would have been nothing more than a great burden and a disadvantage if it weren?t successfully used for drilling, which is why it cannot be argued to have evolved ?phase by phase?.
The location of this required data is typically stored within the instruction code.
The local rains were influenced by convection or evaporation that generated rainy clouds from local condition.
The local rains might be heavy in a certain region, like on early Monday the highest intensity of 94 millimeters was monitored at Kemayoran, Central Jakarta.
The local atronomical wisdom was intensified to keep the balance of nature.
The local astronomy wisdom of Indonesian people becomes more neglected since it is considered bothersome and inappropriate to time progress.
The local astronomy wisdom is neglected.
The local adminsiration in the region found that more than 100 prictures of private roads had been taken by Google.
The liquid component of cytoplasm is cytosol, which is part of ion and soluble macro molecule, for example enzyme.
The lights as small as middle finger nail slice floated on the ground
The light was modestly.
The lifespan of a red blood cell is about 120 days after which they are removed by the spleen.
The life survival of orangutan depends heavily on forest sustainability.
The Liberian government in the African continent distributes free cellular phones cell phone to encourage its people to report crime acts to police.
The level variation of carbon-14 in the atmosphere means that calibration is required in carbon dating.
The length of the snakes venomous teeth is about 4 cm.
The legs stretch forward and capture the shocked prey, which is then swiftly dismembered and consumed by powerful jaws.
The legs are left to dry and harden for about twenty minutes before any testing.
The legs are folded and stretched one by one and wings are raised and lowered.
the leg feather was Aerodinamic structure which was appereantly functioned to lift their body when flying
The lead content might reach 82%.
The layer was formed during winter.
The laws ordinarily accepted as ?laws of physics? are nothing but the evidence of the perfection in creation of God.
The laws of nature are those laws Allah fixed,, which set the relationships among those that He created.
The laws discovered by Mendel put Darwinism in a very difficult position.
The launching will be done after finishing the reparation to fuel tank.
The launching of air crew ship will be done by Tirai Bambu country on Next year
The launch of the newest technology that would very much ease digital book known as e-book reading adds to the speculation that there would be a revolution by the digital culture against the printing culture.
The launch becomes a special gift for Google Inc., as a service company providing service via internet.
The laughing gas use is added slowly adjusted to patient physiological and psychological condition, so the use of the laughing gas is safer.
The laughing gas is used in medical field because it has anesthetic effect.
The laughing gas is stored in metal made cylinder.
The laughing gas is ever to be a trend as stuff that can ease, entertaining, and even inspiration source of artists.
The laughing gas initially was commonly consumed for entertainment demand.
The laughing gas can be produced with various ways.
The later stage is asleep. It Is very difficult to stay awake, sometimes patient might experience dream.
The lastest neurologist clarify consciousness as a realistic research topic
The last stage of fermentation is pyruphate conversion to end fermentation product.
The last photos sent by Cassini spaceship indicate that partial rings also encircle its moons.
The last change of skin is rather different from the others.
The last address is an intranet which becomes the communication facility from the regent?s office to 20 subdistricts and 208 villages in Sragen-
The larvae, which feed continuously, grow quickly.
The larvae make small whirlpools in the water with their two fan-shaped appendages made up of feathers.
The larvae change their skin once more.
The larvae change colours by making use of certain factors after quite complicated chemical processes.
The larva has to have teeth powerful enough to cut its way out of the acorn, has to ?know? to dive deep into the ground and has to ?wait? there patiently.
The larger the surface of this cell, the more oxygen is carried.
The laptop is designed to surf internet.
The laptop is designed for people who like adventure, but they do not want to leave their laptops at home.
The lamp which rose colored generally or yellow mentioned in technique world  recognize by LED.
The lake with 20.000 kilometers sequare wide or similar to the width of Lake Ontario in the North America was named Ontario Lacus.
The lake was not too large, about 100 meters square.
The lack of areas to live on earth at present bears in ideas on people to find out new living places
The lack of any one component of this system or any damage to it would render the whole process useless.
The korosi factor a drum is also became a problem so that the part of gas compiler at this reactor has shorter age if it?s a compare with fixing done.
The known fossil record is not, and never has been, in accord with gradualism.
The knowledge of this penetration is not necessary to be covered up because it has existed broadly in Internet.
The knowledge for the user about gap security can increase his alertness towards any possible attacks which can disadvantage himself
The knowledge diplomacy will be able to change the history.
The knees are covered with callus, which is composed of skin as hard and thick as a horn.
The knee-handicapped person is not now necessary to suffer for a long time.
The kind of terrain that is burdensome for tanks is one which is very soft such as swamps, and one with large rocks.
The kidney is mostly a device for maintaining water balance in the animal, rather than an organ of excretion.
The key lies in the formulations of the algorithm, which is a program code stored in the robot?s microprocessor.
The kestrel is one of the birds with this capability.
The kestrel is a wild bird that is well-known in Europe, Asia and Africa.
The kangaroo embryo goes through some stages outside the womb, which normally occur in the womb.
The kangaroo country will start to censor internet items which good consume by family and children.
The jumping spider, contrary to others, prefers to go after its prey itself.
The journalist of Radar Bandung Daily won the first price of Telkomsel Writing Competition in the Telkomsel Award 2008 under title Telkomsel Serves Remote Villages.
The Jacquard Loom, developed in 1801, is often quoted as a source of prior art.
The itching and swelling formed on the spot bitten by the gnat is caused by this liquid that prevents clotting. This is surely an extraordinary process and it brings the following questions to mind.
The ITB?s Antarmuka team had to compete against four other finalists from Columbia, India, South Africa, and Egypt.
The issue seems to have become exaggerated in popular opinion.
The issue on inconvenience related to the content of our emails was on one occasion discussed, as apparently our data could be read by Google server for distribution of their advertisements   
The issue of possibility Mars crashed by Asteroid was denied, because is founded a new finding that predicted. Asteroid just passed surface of the Mars.
The issuance of regulation on promotion tariff will not only function as reminder, but also can be used to implement sanction.
The isolation of the beak from the skull by this extraordinary method enables the compartment holding the woodpecker?s brain to move away from the upper beak during hits, and this works as a secondary mechanism for absorbing shocks.
The iron legs becomes university ambassador.
The Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was reported to show up during the historical event.
The Iranian government said they had been successful in occupying experimental satellite in orbit through their own rocket.
The Iran nuclear issue could become serious if it continues to a plan to mobilize the military, such as the case with their neighbor, Irak.
The Iran nuclear crisis which became a center of attention at the end of last year is still fresh in our mind, it then developed into a hot issue some time afterwards due to Iran?s intention to continue with the nuclear program for power plant purposes.
The ions deliver electricity and work like armature of a generator so can produce electric current.
The inventor team declared, the battery can be used in many electronics equipments including in computer and communication wares.
The Internet was at first developed to connect inter-trusty sides in order to carry out information sharing
The internet service providers and operators are competing one to another furiously in India
The internet service providers and operators are competing one to another furiously in India
The internet service provider claimed they could offer cheaper tariff rather than the cellular operator service
The internet service provider claimed they could offer cheaper tariff rather than the cellular operator service
The internet keep indicating sharp increase in term of site number.
The International Astronomy Union named Makemake for the small planet previously called 2005 FY9
The internal factor is the climate element factor and relatively stable.
The internal factor directly influences the climate condition and determines the world climate distributions such as sun position, ocean and mainland, high and low pressure land, wind and air mass, height, mountains, ocean current, etc.
The intermediate forms predicted by the theory of evolution are living things falling between two species, but which possess deficient or semi-developed organs.
The interlocking eyelashes do not let any dust particles enter the eyes of the animal.
The Interior Ministry of Saudi Arabia just stated that Farhan was detained for interrogation on violating regulation.
The intention of this system is assist the doctor?s duty to choose the correct therapy for patient.
The intention of this convention is to wipe out fully possibility from use of  biologist agent and poison as destroyer
The intelligence of the United States of America wants to monitor all internet traffics in the country and overseas.
The Intel team carried out the test with a very good efficiency rate so that the test just lost one-fourth of its early spread energy.
The integration of these three companies has very much supported the development of game industry.
The instruments put into the robot are ultrasonic sensor for spatial recognition, infra red sensor, navigational equipments, fire sensor heat detector, processor the brain, and an engine which has control on acceleration.
The Inspiration for the Helicopter.
The insides of the nettle are coated with a hard layer made up of lime and silica.
The insides of its teeth are hollow and connected to the glands of venom.
The inside of the entire body floats in a clear and fluid blood, which acts as a cushioning around all the internal organs and makes them immune to sudden pressure jumps.
The insects for consumption should come from areas or regions which are not exposed to pesticides.
The insect, then, needs to carry extra load, which does not serve any real purpose.
The insect turns its head from one side to the other, moving the snout, which starts to drill the acorn.
The insect trap to be used in paddy fields took only a week to finish.
The insect specimen was found by a villager and surrendered to a Malaysian amateur nature expert in 1989.
The insect could possibly die, because when jumping to catch its prey, it launches itself into the air and so it could easily crash down to the ground from the heights the spider is usually at the top of a tree.
The input that arrives in hundreds of millions of light particles reaches the mind of the person, is processed, compared to the memory and enables the man to recognise his friend.
The inner structure of the motor is extremely complex.
The inner skin of the octopus is composed of many layers of muscles one on top of another.
The inner layer is thick and made up of flexible hair which makes this layer look like a plastic-haired comb.
The ink layer is solid forming a chain of micrometer capsules that can be controlled with voltage adjustment.
The initiatives are, among others, regional pulses top up services similar to doing it in own country, data roaming, economical flat priced international data services package.
The information will assist in unveiling interactions between Saturnus? moons with its rings.
The information technology umbrella can be quite large, covering many fields.
The information stored in memory may represent practically anything.
The information processed by SVM come from diagnose of patient including hepatobiopsy, HCV-RNA, HCV gene-type, and various similar factor as much 30 type.
The infected soybean seeds which were ready to be planted by farmers
The Indonesian team will compete against 20 teams coming from various countries in the world.
The Indonesian team was selected from the selection results of  2008 Indonesian Robot Contest KRI which was organized in several stages and started with regional contests held in four areas, namely, Pakan Baru, Jakarta, Yogyakarta, and Surabaya,
The Indonesian team met the same team from China when the Indonesian team took the second winner and the Chinese team became the world champion last year.
The Indonesian team collected equal amount of medals, consisted of 2 gold, 2 silver, and 1 bronze medal.
The Indonesian Stock Exchange, launched by the President of the Republic Indonesia on December 1, 2007, is an integration of national stock exchange consisting of Jakarta Stock Exchange and Surabaya Stock Exchange.
The Indonesian contingent is expected to win gold medal in International Scientific Olympiad on Mathematics that will be held in Teheran.
The Indonesian ancient fish whose age 35 million years and recognized with title Sea King or Coelacanth, was exhibited to Japanese public at Fukushima Aquamarine.
The Indonesian Academy of Sciences has prepared five concepts for renewable energy, alternative to oil based energy resource.
The Indonesia Stock Exchange ISE also ensures that ISE has installed DRC system which comply to international standard, i.e. physically located at separate building with 30 km minimum distance from the ISE?s building at Sudirman BCD in Jakarta.
The Indonesia software industry is optimistic to reach growth 50 up to 100 percent by 2009.
The individual who is always living in the environment triggering oksidative stress condition could consume vitamin supplements.
The indicator can be seen from shells that can store heavy metals in high concentration.
The Indian student Nitin Jain of Delhi won a gold medal with the highest score among 89 participating students.
The increasing of bronchitis risk to snorer can not be influenced by some factors such as cigarettes and air pollution
The increase of the trend does not only occur in but also in other developing countries like Africa, India, and else.
The increase has caused the fate of unique animals live in the waters might be extinct.
The incipient, part-way evolved structures, rather than conferring advantages to the intermediate stages, would have been a great disadvantage.
The incentives could be frequency increasing, licenses either for operations or towers up to free charge for frequency right usage which is of at present component of high bill structure.
The impression that evolutionary biologists have given by using the term microevolution is the false logic that over time variations can form brand new classes of living things.
The impression of disgusting and a symbol of poverty should be changed
The important thing for the theory of evolution, however, is the question of how brand-new information to make a brand-new species could come about.
The important role and strategic position of Bosscha Observatory were also mentioned by the main speaker in his speech at public lecture.
The important factor that becomes consederation for the society is the price.
The implication of this concept is that the majority of systems and organs in living things function as a result of various independent parts working together, the elimination or disabling of even one of which would be enough to disable the entire system or organ.
The implementation of OSS in KPU DKI Jakarta four years ago was done by software developers which joined themselves together in Indonesia Go Open Source Center Bandung, said Eko Mursito Budi, head and one of the founders of that center.
The implementation of OSS for general election and election of heads of regional governments, according to this research professor of information technology, had several advantages.
The implausible and nonsensical nature of the very idea is obvious.
The impasse does not only come from the alleged mechanisms of evolution, but also from the fossil record or the study of living tetrapods.
The impact of this kind of hitting is in effect no different from banging the head against a concrete wall.
The impact of the bioterrorism action was very horrible, More over,  after the war have been finished, Chinese people still suffer many financial loss  cause of  the weapon biological attack
The immortality is only on human fantasy
The imitation on those small parts is enough to create the evolution of thought towards new useful products.
The image of environmental friendly of green car or eco-car has been attached to car with hybrid technology, which combines fuel ignition engine and electrical supply from car batteries, such as applied on Toyota Prius sedan.
The Ideal Shape of Red Blood Cells.
the Ideal Design for High Jumps.
The idea to exile carbon is not new but the US Department of Energy just started to think about it seriously.
The idea of DreamSpark is good because creating a mechanism to obtain certain software legally and freely.
The idea is a man who has died because of diseases will be diluted and revived in the future when those diseases have been cured
The ichthyosaurs, in many respects the most highly specialized of the marine reptiles, appeared in early Triassic times.
The ice thickness in the north pole tends to decrease from year to year.
The ice sheet at north pole becomes thin at this summer and is at the critical level.
The hydrogen concentration in the atmosphere is very low.
The hydrogen atoms can also be found in plants and charcoal.
The hunting system of this plant works as follows.
The hump of the camel, which is in the form of a mass of fats, provides nutriment to the animal periodically in times of dearth and starvation.
The hump is the other support of the camel.
The hump as a stock of food.
The humidity of the hive, which gives honey its highly protective quality, must be kept within certain limits.
The humble combustion biomass is burned and yield the head used to be assorted of requirement
The human factor absolutely influences the security system
The huge world population with six billion people and repeatedly problems as food, water, energy, climate change should be fast accomplished.
The housefly moves its wings hundreds of times a second.
The housefly has two wings.
The hopanoid structure resulted from fragmenthogram KG-MS can disclose synthesizing bacteria type because bacteria generally have specific hopanoid structure due to living space difference and environmental influences.
The hopanoid compound itself is defined as a compound resulted from secondary metabolism, and it is in the triterpen pentacyclic category.
The hopanoid compound is used in biomarking of old sediment and oil, and potential to provide valuable information about ancient environment of new sediment and old sediment.
The hooks latch together as do the teeth on both sides of a zip.
The honeycomb slices, which started simultaneously from different directions, are so perfectly arranged that, although there are hundreds of different angles in its structure, it seems like one uniform piece.
The hole pattern represented the pattern that the loom had to follow in weaving cloth.
The hive is made up of beeswax-walled honeycombs, which have hundreds of tiny cells on each of their faces.
The history of the modern computer begins with two separate technologies   that of automated calculation and that of programmability.
The history of most fossil species include two features particularly inconsistent with gradualism.
The hill clusters have been known since 1970?s
The hill clusters findings support as assumption that Mercurius surface decrease as the effect of aging
The hill clusters are volcanic activities residue
The high mobility developed nowadays is often limited since the energy of electronic pheriperal should be refilled.
The high frequency were accepted by ear, middle and lower frequency heard constructively body
The high frequency sonar system used by a dolphin to swim in the dark sea inspired the high technology of a submarine.
the hexagonal structure is the most suitable geometric form for the maximum use of unit area
The hexagonal shaped lenses constituting the eyes of a fly provide a much larger area of vision than an ordinary lens does.
The hexagonal design of cells is practical in many respects.
The Hero Of An Unusual Birth Story.
the helicopter and the dragonfly.
The height of these nests reach up to 6 m, and their width up to 12 m.
The heavy armor makes them invulnerable to antitanks gun shots.
The heavier chemical substances, that we need more, are the products of thermonuclear reaction in stars where the processes take approximately 10 billions of years, a special life time for stars.
The heating will disassemble ammonium nitrate to laughing gas and water.
The heat-detectors located in the facial cavities at the anterior of the rattlesnakes head detect the infrared light caused by the body heat of its prey.
The heat yield by this lamp is slimmer than fluorescent lamp but there is still missing energy at ultraviolet became the light sound by naked eyes.
The Heat Technology Of The Megapode Bird.
The heat as a result of biomass combustion will yield the vopur in boiler.
The heart of the problem is whether living things do indeed vary to an unlimited extent.
The heart can make this amount of blood circulate in the body easily within a minute.
The head of the insect is of a perfect design for the job and displays an extraordinary level of flexibility.
The Head of Multimedia informed us that there was an ASEAN level design competition, and then the lecturers in Multimedia encouraged him to participate in the competition.
The Head of Agricultural Meteorology Division of WMO, Mannava Sivakumar, said that current hunger menaces 800 millions of world population.
The head of a single termite can also work as a cap for any one of these tunnels, which are exactly same size.
The hatching tadpoles remain and grow in the stomach for the first six weeks after hatching.
The hard shell of the reptile egg, also known as an amniotic egg, allows air in, but is impermeable to water.
The hard disk uses SD Ram with capacity 64 MB.
The hard and thick walls of the towers they make from soil seclude the inner part of the nest from the heat outside.
The happiest thing is, part of the cortex motor of his brain is still activated.
The halteres move as the flight direction changes, and prevent the insect from losing its direction.
The halteres beat like a normal wing during flight but do not produce any lift like wings do.
The Hajj Terminal in Jeddah Airport, and Munich Zoo are just two buildings constructed making use of this principle.
The habitat movement threat the polar bear too, because of ice were they are living melt too.
The group of researchers joined in TDS changed the movements of the tongue into commands to the control lever to move the wheel chair, control electronics appliances in the house.
The group of physics chemistry experts still researches a molecule group, but this molecule group is quite small to allow us to differentiate signal contribution of every molecule.
The greatest risk at this stage is the leakage of water into the cocoon.
The greatest problem encountered by insect species with small bodies is inertia reaching significant levels.
The greatest evidence put forward since Darwin has been able to go no further than the industrial melanism of moths in England.
The greatest defender of the theory of punctuated equilibrium, Stephen Jay Gould, refer to this impasse of natural selection as follows.
The great spotted woodpecker can make up to nine or ten strikes per second.
The great majority of these creatures have become extinct, although turtles are an example of one group that survives.
The grains are usually formed of frozzen lava drips when passing through to surface
The government should be more proactive in finding new and renewable energy sources.
The government restricts entrance of foreign tower providers by putting it in the negative infestation list.
The government plans to stimulate local tower providers to be able to compete with foreign providers.
The government must intensify protection in order that the illegal software practices can be reduced
The government must be ready to act as referee by rewriting umbrella laws in advanced.
The government ability can be seen through the climate information presentation by some institutions, which are, at present, focusing mainly their interests in the matter and its elements and consistently producing issues relating to the climate.
The Google founders said that their mission was to organize one information world and made it accessible universally and was useful at the initial development.
The goods profit of electronic logistic will make the logistic industry more efficient, so the company in this field will be able to give a good servr to costumers.
The goal, in this case, is to fly.
The goal this time was to determine the bat's perceptual limits more clearly.
The gnat?s technique of blood-sucking depends on a complex system in which unbelievably detailed structures work together.
The gnat moves its mandible forwards and backwards like a saw and cuts the skin with the help of the upper jaws.
The gnat is one of these animals.
The gnat in the pupa cocoon has now become mature.
The gnat does not pierce the skin, as assumed, by thrusting its proboscis into it with pressure.
The GM Sales and CS Telkomsel of West Java Region also mentioned that the participants of writing and photography competitions are journalists from various pers media in West Java Province.
The glass will melt down instantly because it contains positively charged metal ions.
The gist of this competition is to find ways of how technology could offer solutions to problems faced by the developing countries
The giant software company Microsoft states that it has no intention to produce a product to compete directly with iPhone Apple.
The giant pandas had low libido, after their natural habitat was destroyed by contructions.
The german security police also report that Englandtest the germ antrax, dicentry, and glander.
The Geological Society of America group named this new theory, which was formulated by adding the concept of mutation to Darwin's natural selection thesis, the synthetic theory of evolution or the modern synthesis.
The genoms of these two species have been partially studied and the study will be completed soon.
The generator subsystem generally lies in resulted electric locations
The generator subsystem functions to produce or to generate electricity.
The general secretary of The United Nation hoped that the election US president has the sensitivity the climate, and also play an important role to face the change of the climate
The General Secretary of IOAA said the rate of difficulty on the questions was also far higher
The General REview of Electricity System
The gas as a result of pirolisis earn the extract become gas fuel while carbon can be used as a solid fuel
the gaps we see reflect real events in life's history ? not the artifact of a poor fossil record.
The gaps in the record are real, however.
The gannet and many other seabirds make use of these motionless waves created by islands.
The game will take players to funny world of Sanrio character and meet other characters, such as Hello Kitty, Badtz Maru, Keroppi, etc.
The game level tends to increase, from killing civilians up to hunting Osama bin Laden, then the Prophet Mohammad, and eventually the King, Allah.
The game is named Kung-Fu Election, which is an online game created by AtomFilms and developed to rejoice the general election in the Uncle Sam country.
The game is more exciting because the characters are the US politicians seeking for number one position in that super power countiry.
The game has higher level, more real and has objective to influence behavior of protecting animal, and these that make the game is unique.
The game emerged on January 2008, and the echo of Moslem Massacre game got wide due to intense discussion in blogs of game lovers.
The game can be played alone or simultaneously by five player online.
The game can be also an emotion valve towards the presidential candidate that someone dislikes.
The galaxies of the universe move far away from one to another following the growth of the nature, through a bigger speed and a more distance among them.
The galaxies collision disclosed the secret of dark material.
The future of this nation is determined by good education.
The future battery is not heavy and energy-waste
The further we research, in fact it was part of strategy implemented by Hayam Wuruk in order to minimize attacks from enemies because usually kingdom centers in the old times were usually at the coastal zone, which make them fragile to enemies attacks using navy fleets.
The fundamental concept of storing programs in the computer's memory alongside the data they operate on is the crux of the von Neumann, or stored program, architecture.
The fund invested in a unit of this robot amounted to nine million rupiahs.
The fund for research and development of alternative energy should be increased every year.
The functions, tasks and ways in which the robot is controlled depend on this algorithm.
The function is only to make a phone call and send SMS.
The full-feathered tail functions to steer and brake.
The Fukushima aquarium located at the city center of Fukushima is also active in preserving rare fish species and other rare plants.
The Fukushima Aquamarine borrowed the fish originated from Manado Bay waters, North Sulawesi, in order to temporarily complete the existing collection and to provide knowledge to Japanese public on nature wealth and fish in the sea.
The front page of the official POLRI website was changed.
The front edges of the wings, where a hard vein is located, separate first, allowing airflow into the pressurised area in between.
The frogs that are found are then identified according to their species, colors and body shapes.
The frog makes a fragile layer of film on the surface of the water to which the eggs attach themselves.
The free trading of bank account data in the internet websites is nothing new.
The free radical and the chain oksidant reaction resulted clearly played imortant roles in this mutation process.
The fourth generation, which is still a dream, is nano molecular engineering where nano machine can convert matters, to make wood to be bread or charcoal to be diamond.
The four teams are Du 114-V8, NexT 116, iQrU-112, and DU-102
The founder of this order can surely not be the order itself.
The founder of Apple has suffered pancreas cancer.
The fossils which was identified as a new species that has been found in Kiyu Beach area in Uruguay territories included on rodentia family
The fossils of many different species uncovered in the Burgess Shale appeared on earth all of a sudden, without having been developed from any pre-existing species found in preceding layers.
The fossils found in Cambrian rocks belong to very different creatures, such as snails, trilobites, sponges, jellyfish, starfish, shellfish, etc.
The fossils are found near the location of the foot prints finding at the same sediment.   
The fossil record simply shows that this prediction is wrong.
The fossil record reveals that species emerged suddenly, and with totally different structures, and remained exactly the same over the longest geological periods.
The fossil record nevertheless continues to be composed mainly of gaps.
The fossil record is rich enough for us to understand the origins of life, and explicitly reveals that distinct species came into existence on earth all of a sudden, with all their distinct forms.
The fossil record has made it possible to carry out very detailed studies of trilobites eyes.
The fossil record clearly indicates that living things did not evolve from primitive to advanced forms, but instead emerged all of a sudden in a fully formed state.
The formation of wings also requires a distinct and flawless design.
The formation of these two systems at two different times would cause the animal to die at this stage.
The formation of a high energy-producing metabolism has no meaning without specialised avian lungs.
The food of the spider is nothing else than the liquefied tissues of its prey.
The food companies can use it as taste-standard programer.
The following of 10 mystery around brain of human being, which we perceive everyday, but we couldn?t to look for the cause.
The following is the eveluation output of electric system.
The following is an example illustrating the role of an engineer of chemical engineering in factory.
The following development occurred in 1992 when Robert Grubbs and friends published their finding about ruthenium as catalyst.
The following are several examples to detect hopanoid and characterize it based on fragmenthogram resulted from KG-MS.
The focusing of soundwaves is done in several areas of the dolphin's head.
The fly's need of oxygen is so high that there is no time to wait for the oxygen to be delivered to the body cells by the blood.
The fly trapped inside the plant actually touches the hairy strands repeatedly, causing the propulsive electrical force to discharge again, and making the trap more tightly closed.
The fly is left tightly compressed between two petals.
The fly is charmed by this irresistible smell and lands on the plant without hesitation.
The fluorescent lamp use the flimsy filament in focus glass ball vacuum.
The fluids in the stomach of the mother are neutralised by the hormonelike substance prostaglandin E2, which is secreted first by the egg capsules and then by the tadpoles.
The fluids applied by the termites act to prevent the enemies' blood from clotting.
The fluid portion of blood called plasma carries numerous other substances present in the body apart from just blood cells.
The fluid nature of their wastes ensures that excess water in the body is disposed of.
The flowers of this tree are shaped like goblets pointing skyward, and are filled with water.
The flour of the tuber can be used as raw materials for various snacks, such as cakes and noodles.
The floor reflected the sounds; hence, the bat determined its distance from the floor.
The flight of flies, too, requires high levels of energy.
The flight of a housefly is an extremely complex phenomenon.
The flight is 2500 miles 4000 km from start to finish and this roughly means 250000 wing beats without break.
The flight also really needs weather information.
The flies that flap wings 200 times per second have a nerve-muscle relationship that is different from that of grasshoppers.
The FlexiCash service has obtained the license of Transaction Tool Using Card from Bank Indonesia.
The flexible structure of its body absorbs the impact of collision.
The flexible movement of the tongue is very good for controlling movements.
The flexibility in the structure of an egg not only serves to protect the chick but also determines the way that the chick hatches it.
The Flexi customers can do various transactions, such as good purchasing.
The flea takes a few tenths of seconds to compress this material as it folds it s legs in preparation for a jump.
The flavonoid antioxidant activity depends on its molecular structure, mainly prenyl structure.
The flat shape of the catfish, which is very effective hydrodynamically, has set a model for aeroplane design.
The flagellum must have been working perfectly from the first moment of its existence.
the five senses owned by human being including eyes, ear, tounge, skin, and nose are biological sensoric instruments which function perfectly.
The five senses inspired biomimetic sensors
The fish uses this electricity to kill its predators by giving them an electric shock.
The fish that live around 360 millions years ago averagely has length of 1-2 meters and blue color.
The fish that calms down or leaves the fight usually remains motionless.
The fish produces emissions of electricity in a specialised organ on its tail.
The fish is no different from others at first glance.
The first winner of photography was Lukman from Indonesia Bussiness Daily, with the title New Tariff of United States of America Card, and received Rp. 4 million cash.
The first was allocating the fund of about USD 1 million to develop hybrid vehicles with a certain target up to 2015 through distributing credits for vehicle vendors.
The first touch generates a static electric charge but the trap is not closed.
The first to be demonstrated working was the Manchester Small Scale Experimental Machine, while the EDSAC, completed a year after SSEM, was the first practical implementation of the stored program design.
The first thing it does, as soon as it pops out of the egg, is to throw the other eggs out of the nest when the parents are away.
The first theory put forward regarding this question was that birds memorise the characteristics of the ground beneath them and thus reach their destination without being confused.
The first target of the experiment is to test the rock?s capability in storing carbon dioxide for the next two years to come.
The first step is to determine the optimum speed for flight.
The first step is to conduct assessment on structure and architecture of computer and to make sure that everything focus on application of real interaction between humans.
The first step in most formal software development projects is requirements analysis, followed by modeling, implementation, and failure elimination debugging.
The first stage is associated with the invention of the first web browser, Mosaic 1991.
The first question that comes to mind is why do the bees not give up this excess production, which seems a waste of time and energy for them.
The first prototype of the paper made battery had 2.5 volt.  
The first phase is physical attack.
The first part has been agreed upon that every country has the right to develop her technology without any intervention from other country ies.
The first of these domino pieces is a molecule called 11-cis-retinal that is sensitive to photons.
The first is that the web page code is constructed dynamically, piece by piece.
The first guided missile used in an operation was a German guided misile used in World War II.
The first generation of nano technology is more concentrated on the making of nano particles and it does not require high technology.
The first flight is expected to be carried out at the end of this year.
The first fighter planes initially were double-winged wooden planes equipped with light machine guns.
The first equipment to use this technology will be marketed by the end of this year.
The first e-book was made in 1971 by Michael Hart, an initiator of the Gutenberg Project at the University of Illnois, the United States.
The first devices that resemble modern computers date to the mid 20th century, although the computer concept and various machines similar to computers existed earlier.
The first cruiser guided missile developed was Kettering Bug, which was developed by the United States in 1917 to be used in World War I.
The first can feed on grass but occasionally comes back to its mother to suckle.
The first birds had very poor flying skills.
The first ballistic guided missiles were the V-2 rockets developed by German Nazi in the 1930s and 1940s at the order of Walter Dornberger.
The first argues that the ancestors of birds descended to the ground from the trees.
The firefly lights played the role also as warning sign, to warn each species of the danger threat, even a warning for insects and aves predators in order to eat it
The finding warns us not to slap the flies while they are having a manuver
The finding is really potential for discovering natural carbon wealth by using bacteria.
The finding is a long effort of the research since 1980.
The finding independently confirms varied findings on 2006 on other collisions known as Bullet Cluster, which also indicate clearly separation of dark and regular materials.
the finding also supports the teory that birds derived from ancient animals living on trees
The finding also means worse case might happen to other smaller lakes.
The fillers in colored smoke grenades usually consists of 250 to 350 grams of a mixture of color smoke, mostly consisting of nitrate potassium, lactose and colorings.
The filler is 600 to 800 grams of thermat, which is an improved version of thermit, a fuel  used in grenades during World War II.
The filler is 4.5 grams of explosives, which consist of magnesium oxide and ammonium perchlorate or potassium perchlorate.
The filler in camouflage grenade usually consists of a mixture of HC or TA.
The figures from Democratic and Republican Parties are ready to show their capabilities in this battle arena.
The fifth, education to the people conveying that the processing of alternative energy  to become non oil-fuel generated  electrical energy has high selling values.
The fibre is for strengthening islet sheets.  Encapsulated islet cell is for preventing rejection reaction.  Permeable layer is to allow diffusion to occur.  Protective layer is for preventing body rejection reaction so that the tissue may stay in function as it should be.
The femur, which has been a source of inspiration for the tower, is in the shape of a pipe and has a fusiform internal structure, i.e.in which the bone narrows in the middle and expands at each end.
The feminine seemed to inform, i was here
The feminine of course would response again, and so on, as if replied each other  so those pairs met to have sex
The female wraps her legs around the tail of the male.
The female cuckoo lays not one egg but twenty eggs in a season.
The female copulates once more and the new egg is fertilised.
The female bird occasionally visits the hole and checks whether the male is working or not.
The feet comprise two toes joined with an elastic pad.
The feeding way of shell is by eating soil sediment and filtering bottom part water.
The features were completed with Qur?an verses along with its Arabic transcripts and its translation in Indonesian language, timer with drum voice for praying for hundreds of cities in Indonesia as well as ring tones in Islamic songs.
The features of living beings here covered have existed for millions of years, that is, since they were created.
The feature reduces processor strength when it does not conduct any instruction or access data in laptop.
The feature allows customers to do micro payment transaction via cellular phone with maximum transaction value one million Rupiah per transaction.
The feathers, especially in the wing and tail, provide a very effective system of balance for the bird.
The feathers on a bird's body have different properties from those on the wings or tail.
The feathers are pressed closer to the body in hot weather in order to keep it cool.
The fastest rising air is located in the middle of the current.
The fastest manuver makes flies difficult to catch
The fashion world describes the environment of the designers, fashion houses and consumers that make up the fashion industry.
The famous of these guided missiles was the United States?s Tomahawk BGM-109, which could reach a distance of 1,110 kms.
The fall in the cGMP amount affects the ion channels in the cell.
The fairy tale is packaged in 34 pages and not more than 200 words in order that children will not get bored when they read it or hear it from their parents
The faculty of generation of electricity has been given to these creatures for purposes both of defence and offence.
The fact that microevolution cannot lead to macroevolution, in other words that variations offer no explanation of the origin of species, has been accepted by other evolutionary biologists, as well.
The facilities still offer ease of accessing emails using push email, which has been BlackBerry`s reliance since the beginning.
The eyes of this 1 inch long 2,5 centimetre fish show properties similar to photochromic lenses, the colours of which can become more or less intense depending on the strength of the light.
The eyes of camels have two eyelash layers.
The eyes are optical sensoric instruments for human being to observe lighting objects.
The eyelashes interlock like a trap and protect the eyes of the animal from harsh sandstorms.
The eyelashes have an interlocking system.
The Eye of the Lobster.
The eye of the dragonfly is accepted as the best example among all the insects.
The eye of a lobster shows a remarkable geometry not found elsewhere in nature - it has tiny facets that are perfectly square, so it looks like perfect graph paper.
The eye is under a constant shower of photons, and the chain reactions within the eye's sensitive cells enable it to percieve each one of these photons.
The eye is created flawlessly.
The extremely fat larva gets out of the acorn with a great deal of struggle.
The extraordinary skills of the animal in sensing temperature change and odour show the detailed nature of the design we are facing.
The extraordinary reproduction method of a species of frog called Rheobatrachus silus, is another example of the superb design in the creation of God.
The extraordinary performance enjoyed by fleas is made possible by a kind of spring system that is added to its legs, which works because of a rubberlike protein called resilin, where the flea stores mechanical energy.
The extraordinary nature of the design of this system is quite indisputable.
The extraordinary adventure of the gnat.
The extraordinarily complex structure even in trilobites is enough to invalidate Darwinism on its own, because no complex creatures with similar structures lived in previous geological periods, which goes to show that trilobites emerged with no evolutionary process behind them.
The extra thickness of giraffe skin on legs and feet prevents adverse affects of high blood pressure.
The extra fat is not a miscalculation but a cushion to be used in case of encountering reverse air currents.
The extinction of frogs caused by global warning could result in       losses to human beings, as animals play an important role in the life chains, among others as predators to insects and as materials for medicine.  
The external factor is a factor outside of climate elements which occurs because of either natural or unnatural activity processes.
The explosion produced causes destruction and damages to surrounding non-living and living things due to movements of air pressure and that of fragments within the bomb.
The exploration of Lake Baikal broke a record
The exploration indicated that Satonda stromatolite originated 4,000 years ago and was stromatolite produced by cyannobacteria.
The experts could understand and took the right steps to response to potential change that might happen to ice sheet in the future climate change.
the expert has succeeded in making a set of tool to identify the existence of the bacteria in several seconds.
The experiment will be exercised at 3,000 feet depth below sea level and run for around 40 hours in a 2 week time period.
The experiment was done by the writer so the SVM able to reach 84% accuracy is a good enough compared to various method that examine to that experience itself.
The experiment is done until August 11.
The experiment is designed to reduce its impacts to environment.
The existing system has only camera and two dimensional picture, so it is difficult to match with original face when displayed diagonally or from different angles.
The existing activities are dedicated for two aims, first to master manufacturing of satellite launching rocket, and second to disseminate interest on rocket technology to young generation, especially Indonesian students.
The existences of human and nature
The existence of bacteria in the swimming pool is not wanted.
The existence and composition of biophanoid in cultivated bacteria have known widely, whereas the intact existence of hopanoid in geoshpere and hopanoid precursor in modern environment has not been fully described.
The exhibition on the Sea King occurred at the same time of commeration of the 50th Indonesia - Japan relationship.
The excellence of this way, although the light produced was dimmed and was inside our body, it is was still able to detect from outside by using the most sophisticated sensor.
The excellence of this material derives from its capability of absorbing impacts of very short duration and then restoring itself its to original condition immediately.
The excellence and the weaknes of LED is the same to LED its self.
The example of reactor using immobilized agent is bioreactor with woodpile or membrane bioreactor.
The example of disease associated with free radical is heart attack and cancer.
The evolutionists who followed him suggested the concept of mutation.
The evolutionist scientist Warren Weaver comments on the report prepared by the Committee on Genetic Effects of Atomic Radiation, which had been formed to investigate mutations that might have been caused by the nuclear weapons used in the Second World War.
The evolutionist geneticist Gordon Taylor writes thus.
The evolutionist assertion is that each species on earth came from a single common ancestor through minor changes.
The evolutionary paleontologist J.L.B.Smith said, If I'd meet a dinosaur in the street I wouldn't have been more astonished.
The evolution occuring in the nature has made it more efficient and offered worthy potentials for human life.
The evolution in action of J.Huxley and other biologists is simply the observation of demographic facts, local fluctuations of genotypes, geographical distributions.
The evidence of superior creation in birds does not end with their bodies.
The event is to motivate young Asian generation to reach scientific and technological achievement at the level of nobel laureates and world class scientists attending the event, and build friendship network and cooperatives among Asian scientist candidates.
The event is open for public, which means publics interested to see the exhibition are welcomed to visit the event.
The event is aimed to introduce the newest technology to public.
The event had happened since around 06.00. When the news was broadcasted at 8.45 the hacked site could not be accessed and left only written pages.
The evaporation of water creates the room and oxygen required.
The estimation is faster than the existing prediction.
The essential assumption of the theory of natural selection holds that there is a fierce struggle for survival in nature, and every living thing cares only for itself.
The essence of Darwinism lies in a single phrase: natural selection is the creative force of evolutionary change.
The esia?s hidayah cellular phone with its slogan make religious services lovelier  was the first Moslem cellular for receiving recommendation from religious advices commission of the MUI
The esia?s hidayah cellular phone was ready to welcome Ramadhan.
The esia?s hidayah cellular phone was a special phone for Moslems in Indonesia because it was full of Islamic features.
The era of information technology opens a gap, and this gap becomes an opportunity for e-book publishing.
The equipment uses three color lasers and store energy using laser so eliminates the use of fan in heat prevention.
The equipment allows wireless internet music delivery to all corners of room in your house.
The epidemiology study in some regions in Italy and Greece showed a low rate occurrence for the disease of cardiovascular and other types of cancers as colon, breast, and prostate.
The enzyme that changes hydrogen peroxide to water and oxygen is katalase.
The entrance of the hive fills with bees.
The Englishman Millionaire, Richard Branson announced officially a carrier-borne aircraft used to take tourists for space tours.
The English scientists explored the deepest sea trough In the world
The engineers who developed robot technologies examined insects for inspiration.
The engineer will analyze possible production processes and evaluate the economic of every process.
The energy used is 100 units, whereas the energy generated is 35 units.
The energy spent during flight is roughly a hundred times that spent during rest.
The energy needed to reach the speed of low earth orbit is 32 MJ/kg, which is about twenty times the energy needed to reach the basic height  of 10 kJ/km/kg.
The end result is a detailed description of how the software is designed, how to build and install the software on the target device, and any known weaknesses in the design of the software.
The end of the Middle Ages saw a re invigoration of European mathematics and engineering, and Wilhelm Schickard's 1623 device was the first of a number of mechanical calculators constructed by European engineers.
The end of the main shadow occurred at 18:22, and finally left the apparent shadow at 19:23 until eventually the full moon came out again at 20:21 WIB
The emission of the wavelength of purple lamp is the shortest, so it attracts the eyes of the insects.
The emergency policy was issued after a clash between the pro and anti-government protesters
The emergence of the Port Replicator as a major accessory commenced.
The emergence of networking involved a redefinition of the nature and boundaries of the computer.
The emergence of clinics handled by professionals in skin treatment will certainly provide better treatments to the public.
The e-mail features of Google Apps are similar to those of Gmail.  
The elegant way to do calibration is by comparing the age from carbon-14 measurement result with the age of trees.
The Electroshock Gun in the Electric Eel.
The electronic papers have a very big potential usage.
The electronic papers enable the electronic producers to produce new product which is not only save to use but also has environmental kindness
The electronic papers are future technology.
The electronic papers are diagonally 14.1 inch and 0.3 millimeters thick and able to display up to 4.096 kinds of colors.   
The electronic papers are built  by sticking TFT to a metal, not mirror.
The electronic circuit was formed by metal layer in nanometer size
The electron gun was controlled by two separate digital signals, a video bit, and an intensity bit to control the brightness of the drawn pixels. Only four shades were possible; black, dim, medium or bright.
The Electricty System and its Problems.
The electricity-generating mechanism of this fish is capable of engaging as quickly as in two to three thousandth of a second.
The electricity is emitted from thousands of pores on the creature's back in the form of signals that momentarily create an electrical force field surrounding it.
The electrical impulse is conducted from one nerve cell to the next until it reaches the brain.
The electric transmission without cable applied some basic physics siences, similar to the principle of a trained singer who could break glasses only with his loud voice
The electric shock generated by this fish is enough to kill cattle from a distance of 6,6 feet 2 metres.
The electric roll with resonance on similar frequency could transmit energy one to another on a certain distance.
The electric resulted cannot be kept or stored first, but should be directly distributed to locations where it will be used.
The electric problem becomes one of many issues dicussed at present.
The Eiffel Tower and the Human Bone While designing the famous tower, Maurice Koechlin, assistant to Eiffel, the architect of the tower, was inspired by the femur, the lightest and strongest bone of the human body.
The eggshell provides all of these for the chick, which breathes through a membranous sac that develops in the embryo.
The eggs, which are less than 1 mm in length, are arranged in a row either in groups or one by one.
The eggs of this species are significantly larger than those of others, as they contain a yoke very rich in proteins, sufficient to feed the tadpoles for six weeks.
The eggs have to release a hormonelike substance to neutralise stomach acids.
The egg cannot by any means make this arrangement itself.
The efforts to develop biotechnology in Indonesia would surely not run smoothly.
The effort of BSA and police to lower down piracy level in Indonesia is believed will generate positive impacts to the The Indonesia software industry.
The efficiency of fluorescent lamp and neon.
The effects of genes on development are often surprisingly diverse.
The effect of unfriendly nature a number of historic temple site and artifact, more dammed easily if its compare few years ago.
The effect might take place in several decades to come.
The effect is all Mercurius surface decreases too
The editor of Esquire magazine still believes that innovations in printing media are not over yet despite internet development is so menacing.
The economic potencies of Marasmiellus genus fungi, which Atik is currently working on, are still unknown,
The eclipse peak occurred at 17:37 WIB
The eclipse could not be observed by those who live in Europe, Africa and Western Asia.
The echolocative ability of bats was discovered through a series of experiments conducted by scientists.
The Earth's axis of rotation is tilted 23.4 away from the perpendicular to its orbital plane, producing seasonal variations on the planet's surface with a period of one tropical year.
The earth consists of seven continents listed as follows: North America, South America, Antarctica, Africa, Europe, Asia and Australia; the largest of which is Asia.
The early computers were also programmed using plug-boards.
The earliest programmable machine that is a machine whose behavior can be controlled by changes to a program was Al-Jazari's programmable humanoid robot in 1206.
The earliest adequately known vertebrates already exhibit all the definitive features of craniates that we can expect to have preserved in fossils.
The eardrum, 0,30 inch 7,6 millimetre in diametre, starts vibrating as well.
The dust is like asbesstor, it is very dangerous if sucked
The dust is like asbesstor, it is very dangerous if sucked
The durability of an eggshell is as crucial as its functioning in terms of air, water and heat.
The drummer could be made to play different rhythms and different drum patterns by moving the pegs to different locations.
The Dromedary camel can delay perspiration by increasing its body temperature to 41oC.
The drilling snout, the cutting teeth on the tip, the flexible structure of the head which helps drilling, cannot all be explained solely by coincidences and ?natural selection?.
The dried scrapings, he said, can directly processed into flour.
The dragonfly's prey would pass out or even be killed by the impact.
The dragonfly pumps the excess fluids out, to balance the system.
The dragonfly leaves the mature eggs in the shallows of a lake or a pool.
The dragonfly has two pairs of wings, one in a forward position with respect to the other.
The Dragon had five meters long and walked on its two feet.
The dolphin?s swimming movement is not as agile when not pregnant.
The dolphin species raised here is bottle-nosed dolphin, a species usually found around Indonesian waters.
The doer that did not leave any identity also disabled all websites of the Police of Indonesian Republic.
The doer left a message in English which basically harassing Polri and promised to take over all sites of Polri.
The doer has conducted cyber crime and due to criminal verdict as regulated in the Law of Information and Electronic Transaction.
The doctors in Munich University?s clinic had spent 15 minutes to transplant a pair of arm to the body of the 54-year-old farmer.
The doctor as well as computer expert offer the heavy condition so that the system which developed can be used.
The DNA test was expected to facilitate the identification process of the baby?s mother.
the diver robot set up by NASA is colled depthx.
The distribution will be started by distributing 10,000 writing books to elementary school students joining Adiwiyata Program held at the office of the Environmental Ministry at Kebon Nanas area.
The distribution of the thickness of the steel armour is not homogeneous.
The dispensing organ has to be properly formed and isolated as well.
The discovery of the lake in Titan was completely discussed on July 31.
The discovery of Latimeria raised hopes of gathering direct information on the transition of fish to amphibians, for there was then a long-held belief that coelacanths were close to the ancestry of tetrapods.
The discipline differs from many other technical professions in that programmers generally do not need to be licensed or pass any standardized or governmentally regulated certification tests in order to call themselves programmers or even software engineers.
The Director of PT Andal Software Sejahtera, Indro Sosrodjojo, admitted also the growth of customer since his company joins BSA Indonesia 2 years ago.
The Director of Inter-Regional Relation at the Communication and Informatic Department, Bambang Kusbiantoro stated that the department actively disseminates 3 policy of broadcasting.
The Director of Indonesia Stock Exchange convinced that trouble on computer network that caused delay of the opening stock transaction on the morning session of August 5 and lasted for 1 hour and 15 minutes did not generate big transaction loss.
The directly combustion has been done since years a go
The direct effect of mutations is harmful.
The direct effect of mutations is harmful.
The digital era has indeed to be faced, not evaded.
The digital drug recipe by steganografy
The difficulties encountered by the sensors for taste and smell lie on those of sensitivities.
The different views held by the two parties on the nuclear issue were due to the difference on the standpoints taken, although it came from the same technology, it would be very difficult to find a way out.
The different lipids have to be arranged in the right shape and sequence in order to focus the returning sound waves.
The different from that second anaerobic process is the content of biomass in water.
The differences in the beaks of these birds, Darwin thought, were a result of their adaptation to their different environments.
The difference, processor performance can be explained logically, not even our brain.
The difference usually can be neglected for recorded periods in human history, but it can means significant correction is required for prior periods.
The difference of emission carbon that yield by a world reach 300 million a year.
The difference lies in its processor power with 47 transistors in one chip and its size of less than 26 m2
The difference is Wikia search engine allows site screening process and ranking of result to be fostered by other parties.
The difference between hacker and cracker just lies on the intense and aim
The difference between chemical engineering and chemistry can be illustrated by taking sample of orange juice production process.
The diagrams on page 53 reveal the truth that the fossil record has revealed concerning the origin of phyla.
The diagram to the left shows the gradual increase in the number of animal phyla according to the Darwinian view.
The developmental process is one of the most amazing and admirable sides of the gnat.
The development was conducted at 38 central area alun-alun of municipalities and regencies in East Java, and 300 spots throughout Surabaya distributed in malls, schools, and other public areas.
The development team clarify that the paper made batteries were ideal as sources of future electronic data saving equipment.  
The development of Regional Library and Archive using information technology is the first one in Sumatera.
The development of nuclear energy for civil purposes such as power plant nuclear reactor started intensively after the UN sponsored Geneve Conference in 1955.
The development of none of these features can be deferred.
The development of internet was so advanced and now it has been a giant network interrelating many networks.
The development of information technology on Regional Library and Archive of North Sumatera is a cooperative between Sumatera Regional I Division of Telkom with the Regional Library and Archive Institute.
The development of biotechnology recombined DNA is many advantages, especially in agriculture sector and medical.
The development of biotechnology is based not only on biology but also on other applied and pure sciences.
The development of alternative energy industry is estimated to finish by 2010.
The development management of Open Source Programs Office Google states that the launching of the first version of Chrome browser is the first introduction which is still far away from perfect.
The development is in line with the progress of digital camera technology which its products are marketed to public.
The development found during another war was the introduction of a far better suspension system
The developing chick needs to inhale oxygen and exhale carbon dioxide.
The details look different in different languages, but a few basic instructions appear in just about every language: input: Get data from the keyboard, a file, or some other device.
The destructing combination might not happen this year, but the impact can be seen.
The designer sketches hundreds of different alternatives for months.
The design was disclosed when visiting the Digital Library and Archive service room in Medan last week.
The design of the sites was plain and simple with headline banners and a full-page text.
The Design of Honeybees? Defence Strategy.
The design of feathers also compelled Charles Darwin ponder them.
The Design of an Egg for Durability.
The design in bird feathers is so complex that the process of evolution simply cannot explain it.
The description on endogenous free radicals sources has many forms.
The depth of sea trough is more than 5,000 m under the sea and  it is the under water vulcanic area
The Department of Multimedia of the Surabaya College of Management Sciences and Computer Enginering passed the ASEAN level of the design selection competition.
The densest populations are scattered throughout the tropical regions.
The demonstration was held in Denpasar, Bali just before Christmas 2007, and StarOne managed to book a record of that 100 hour nonstop internet access.
The delivery goods problems begain from warehouse to consuments can be minimize by using electronic logistic
The deliver transportation problems, the activity at warehouse can be controlled by using electronic logistic to serve consument savely and smoothly.
The delay also caused the firework was not launched simultaneously with music and it was annoying.
The defining feature of modern computers which distinguishes them from all other machines is that they can be programmed.
The defensive system is given towards each cell in the form of enzymatic antioksidant tools.
The defence system and reactive swimming styles of cuttlefish also work for them during hunting.
The defence method of this beetle is not like that of other animals.
The deer example is true for all species.
The decision on leadership exchange is predicted to be a good news on anxiety on issue of how Mozilla will go public.
The decision of Minister of Communication and Information to reduce interconnection tariff on April 2008 implicates to reduction of retail tariffs of each operators.
The decision is successful as represented by high economic growth which always grows impressively as high as almost one digit.
The deceit happened before election moment was not new things, but the strategy was used unmoral and unusual.
The data will be sent to the intended hickers through internet website
The data used by BCMC is merely based on the assessment conducted by Ovum, a foreign consultant hired by the Indonesian Telecommunication Regulation Agency.
The data released by TeleGeography Research indicate a 53 percents increase for mid-year 2007 until mid-year 2008.
The data process come from patient which medicines to Nagoya University Hospital Japan, from  1997?2004.
The data indicate most ice there is young layer with age less than one year.
The data collected from young age sediments are very compatible with the data collected from trees rings.
The Darwinist hypothesis is that the number of animal phyla must have gradually increased in number.
The Danish scientist W.L.Johannsen sums the matter up this way.
The dam built by beavers blocks the water at an angle of exactly 45o.
The cyber attack to US banks is considered to be more dangerous economically than terrorist attack.
The cuttlefish is not the only animal swimming by means of a reactive system.
The cuttlefish can avoid its predators through very swift movements as a result of these fast muscular contractions.
the cutting of piliis the beginning proses of the odhesin protein isolation in pili
the cutter shape is like  dessicated coconut  with the cbination of spinning bacteria without distructing  sel body is one of the creation of Prof. Dr. Soemarmo for one decade.
The customers of other pre-paid Telkomsel can enjoy the service but they have to register via short message service and charged by Rp. 3,000 per SMS.
The cursorial theory is even more problematic.
The current WMO attention, besides on climate and weather, is also on water or hydrology issue.
The current trend that is still thriving now is how to connect the exixting communities into an online system.
The current research development in astronomy and space experiences fierce challenge from fast development and acquisition of sophisticated equipment by neighboring ASEAN countries,
The current Japanese young generation can not separate themselves from cellular telephone.
The current generated by this induction is big enough to activate the CMOS type integrated circuitso it responds by sending out radio wave propagation.
The current business asset of Google is predicted to reach billions dollars.
The current activities have two objectives, the first is to acquire the technology of making satellite-launcher rockets, and secondly to disseminate interest on rocket technology among the Indonesian youths, especially university students.
The culture of reading printed books on paper and that of reading e-format books have certainly unique levels of enjoyment.
The cuckoo bird faces its very affectionate yet not its own parents as soon as it opens its eyes for the first time after four days.
The crystal grains were supposedly formed of splashes of the lava when the volcanic eruption about 3 million years ago.
The CRT was one of the major reasons luggables were so large and heavy, but the use of a full size desktop motherboard with room for ISA expansion cards was another size factor.
The crop which snared in ice now not anymore and start to grow.
The crocus is a flower equipped with a bio-thermometer.
The crocodile takes precaution that the holes in which it places its eggs are located in rather shady places.
The criteria may be pre-defined rules or may be based on variable user input.
The credo of ?customer is the king? is popular.
The Creator of these birds, God, inspires them with a method to make their flight easy and efficient.
The creation of synthetic oil from liquid hydrocarbon compound is not a new issue.
The creation of functional tissues needs an extensive culture, and consideration of various factors such as oxygen, acidity, humidity, temperature, nutrition, and osmosis.
The crater wall of Motitoi Lake is steep cliff of 300 meters above the sea surface, made from tuft layer, lapili and volcanic bomb, and several beams are found.
The cracker, while chatting with the victim?s friend, would say that he/she needs money.
The cracker boasted that all sites of the Police of Indonesian Republic were under his/her control.
The crack widens and becomes an open slot through which a new creature, totally different from the preceding, struggles to get out.
The crack on the ice shelf has been observed since 2002.
The CPU contains a special set of memory cells called registers that can be read and written to much more rapidly than the main memory area.
The cost of the research is twice as much as that.
The cosmic dust and most meteors that had ever fallen down or gone through adjuncent to the earth, had already enriched the chemical content in the earth and its atmosphere,which then making possible the bearing of creatures in Earth.
The corporation utilises this robot to inspect under bridges by means of sensors attached to its body.
the corporation contract signed by China goy millions US dollars a mount
The core of the carbon bacteria lies in the rock and prouduces much natural gas in a relatively short time, possibly in tens, thousands, or even millions of years.
The cooperatives are considered by Microsoft to be more beneficial than producing its own cellular phone.
The cooperation was aimed at leading Unison application for SME could work according to Ubuntu platform. The Unison application could previously operate in Microsoft Windows.
The cooperation contract has been extended until 2011.
The controlled soil fertility level is expected to allow land that is going to be cultivated will be productive to provide nutrients to plants.
The control unit directs the various components of a computer.
The control system decodes each instruction and turns it into a series of control signals that operate the other parts of the computer.
The contribution would increase up to 25 percent in the end of 2025.
The continuous ultraviolet paparan, pesticide, and other pollutions in our food, even because of exaggerate sport caused no choice except the body should carried out protective actions.
The construction material of the nest is a hard resistant mortar which workers make by blending their saliva with soil.
The consideration towards security then becomes a priority
The consequences coming from one?s negligence to keep digital security secure arevarious kinds of losses for the company, ranging from the loss of goodwill, loss of profits, loss of competitiveness, loss or morales and trust, and loss of business life.
The consequence is the loss suffered could reach up to hundreds of trillions and it affects anybody concerned due to the failures of the digital security system to protect itself.
The conflict is triggered when the United State Company International bio Arts will begin to commercialize dog cloning business.
The conference held in Praha, the astronomer will identify the definition of the planet until the status of Pluto and the similar object can be identified and classified.
The conference about climate change have been done in japan in the year 1997.
The conditions of the austronoauts are good, despite the flying delay.
The conditions affecting biological agent performance mainly are temperature and pH.
The condition should ease veterinary team that monitors pregnancy development every day.
The condition of softwares industries in Indonesia nowis probably similar to the fate of soccer clubs.
The condition is also make the crop bloom earlier and produce more pollen.
The condition in the US might be differebt from that in China or India.
The conclusion: hexagonal cells require minimal amounts of wax in terms of construction while they store maximal amounts of honey.
The conclusion can be achieved because the fossils these two kinds of animals were almost intact so that the scientists could fix them with their foot prints.
The concern mentioned by the Minister for Research and Technology was actually a repeating apprehension disclosed when he was the Rector of ITB in 2001 ? 2004.
The concept of useful traits was therefore left unsupported.
The concept of random mutation was supposed to provide the answer to the question of the origin of the advantageous variations which caused living organisms to evolve according to Darwin's theory.
The concept of natural selection was the basis of Darwinism.
The concept of community websites is always interesting as the loyalty and number of communities would make the websites much more visited, and consequently  the rating of these websites in search machines increases.
The computer system was also upgraded via on-line transaction service improvement from 700 transaction per second to several thousand multiplications.
The computer name Space Cube is designed for use in the outer space.
The computer in Parjo?s office is connected in an online manner to more than 500 other computers in Sragen Regency.
The computer exhibition held at Landmark at Braga Street Bandung is a routine event three times a year.
The computer can be instructed to put the number 123 into the cell numbered 1357 or to add the number that is in cell 1357 to the number that is in cell 2468 and put the answer into cell 1595.
The compounds are responsible for bladder cancer on workers that have long contact with the compounds.
The complicated searching and introducing which often bump into mankind on his own existence, and force us to accept reality limit that can be accessed and described.
The complaint was also supported by the Indian cellular operator association
The competiton was held by Microsoft and SENADA, a community development program funded by USAID.
The competitions among the US presidential candidates have been started.
The competition, which has just once held, managed to decide on three winners out of the 109 proposals received
The comparison of internet users with the country?s population is still far away.
The company which was founded by a 25-year old ITB graduate and three of his colleagues at  9 May 2007 has now installed three solutions of similar kind, called VESSA, which were specially made for that sea port.
The company which has its core business in car selling regards CRM as the main support for its customer services.
The company become part of the research about environmental welfare railway station development .
the community of internet users compete for material interests so it forms a free trade
The common trait of eyes and the wings is that they can only function if they are fully developed.
The Commodore monitor had S-Video input to improve resolution.
The command to add two numbers together would have one opcode, the command to multiply them would have a different opcode and so on.
The comedian actor inhales a lit bit of laughing gas until really laughs, and audiences will laugh as well.
The combustion to biomass directly have two weakness so that the application begin to applied some technologies to increase biomass benefit as fuel.
The combination tomb consists of several mummies seated in bowing position with knees touching the chin
The column subunit functions in wall formation of nucleus pore, anular subunit is useful to shape spoke directing to the center of the nucleus pore.
The collapse of the myth of Industrial Melanism, which had been one of the most treasured subjects in Introduction to Evolution courses in universities for decades, greatly disappointed evolutionists.
The code may be a modification of an existing source or something completely new.
The CMS capability to be adapted or suited as news portal website as if becomes a shared vision from the existing CMSes.
The clouds seen flaring up in the darkness were located at 75-85 kilometers high above the earth surface.
The cloud coverage is presented in every week and entiltled the weekly weather prospect.
The clotting of blood is very important not only for visible injuries but also for the ruptures of capillaries in our bodies that happen all the time.
The closer of the election moment U.S President, bring up incessant attack with dirty tricks and black campanye aiming to deceive accounting ballots process.
The climate is  an average state of the weather at a certain period of time.
The climate information can include air temperature, air pressure, wind direction and velocity, rainfall, season, tropical cyclone, and else.
The climate forecast referred to some activities performed to produce some information relating to the climate condition and its elements in the future.
The clicks immediately echo back when they hit any obstacle.
The clearest indication of this is that flying reptiles emerged suddenly and fully formed, with no intermediate form between them and terrestrial reptiles.
The Classification of Living Things.
The classical candidates for transitional forms in alleged fish-tetrapod evolution have been several fish and amphibian genera.
The claim that fish are the ancestors of land-dwelling creatures is invalidated by anatomical and physiological observations as much as by the fossil record.
The circulatory system of birds has also been created in harmony with their high energy requirements.
The Church?Turing thesis is a mathematical statement of this versatility: any computer with a certain minimum capability is, in principle, capable of performing the same tasks that any other computer can perform.
The Chromatic Eyes of Balloon Fish.
The choice of language used is subject to many considerations, such as company policy, suitability to task, availability of third-party packages, or individual preference.
The chinese victim of bioterorism 731 unit is very difficult to estimate
The Chine telecom officer who din?t not want to mention his name stated that the repairation of one of the sea cable would finish as soon as January 15, 2007.
The chick needs oxygen and space to be able to move its head just enough to crack the shell while hatching.
The chick meets the world by lifting the hat-shaped end cover that is formed by the cracks connecting these holes.
The Chevron company has tried to convert liquid hydrocarbon compound to synthetic fuel for commercial purpose.
The Chemistry of Seeing.
The chemist can explain several issues on mechanism of tumor cell emergence in human body by knowing molecular structure of a carcinogenic compound.
The chemist also plays role in determining molecular structure of component that has anti cancer activity.
The chemist also conducted synthesis of the anti cancer compound to be produce in big scale in pharmaceutical industry, to be used as anti cancer medicine.
The chemical structure of liquid hydrocarbon compound is similar to wax, so it is possible to process it to high quality lubricating oil.
The chemical structure of likopen makes it as nonpolar compound which is far easy to dissolve in oil.
The chemical reaction process can be aerobic or anaerobic.
The chemical is used as rocket fuels
The chemical is not quite much because the satellite only has a small rocket
The chemical fluid from termites renders this clot-forming chemical useless.
The chemical compounds gather above atmosphere and create holes in the ozone
The chemical characteristics of liquid hydrocarbon from plastic waste heating are similar with hydrocarbon compound contained in crude oil, so it can be processed to lubricating oil.
The cheap cellular phones without colorful monitors.
The cheap cellular phones are now equipped with colorful monitor, GPRS and Radio FM.
The cheap cellular phone trend gets incrased today.
The Charles Babbage Institute CBI was established in 1978 by over two dozen senior executives from the information processing industry, distinguished computer scientists, and historians for the purpose of preserving, exploring, and telling the history of computing.
The Charles Babbage Foundation was organized separately from CBI in 1981 when CBI moved from Palo Alto to the University of Minnesota.
The characteristics of the camel, which you will learn in detail in the following pages, prove that this animal is brought into being particularly for dry climatic conditions, and that it is given to the service of mankind.
The characteristic of this bacteria symbiotic with legume plants such as soybean, peanut, green bean, and etecera
The characteristic of sulphur is very important because its metal phase has a very high critical temperature that exceeds superconductivity of other solid material elements that have been researched.
The characteristic of limited mobility on the operation of CDMA technology based telecommunication makes its operators compete in offering cheap prices.
The character which is very popular in the serial television Nickelodeon and then shows up in the popular multi media games world PS-3 produced by Sony.
The character of inner membrane which is impermeable to many molecules makes nucleus requires inner pores to allow molecules to pass membrane.
The chapter entitled Difficulties of the Theory for example, shows considerable self-doubt.
The changing of the year does not stop the activities of cellular phone operators.
The changes effected by mutations can only be like those experienced by people in Hiroshima, Nagasaki, and Chernobyl.
The change occurred in the 20th century when a Russian, Moses Gomberg born in Blisavetgrad in 1866, made the first organic free radical from trifenilmetan, a hydrocarbon compound used as a basic source of some colorants.
The change in the movement of the electrically charged atoms creates a voltage differential within the cell, which results in an electrical signal.
The change in the cell structure also does a change in its function, leading to the process of emerging diseases.
The challenge in this creative business is rampant piracy and no respect to copy rights.
The chairman of Indonesian Nanotechnology Society says that actually Indonesia is very late in entering nanotechnology world, and if does not start from now it will face many problems in the future.
The chain reaction in the human eye reminds us that it is nonsense to even entertain the thought of the word coincidence.
The chain of mutations that needs to come about has to provide the fish with a lung and terrestrial kidneys, immediately.
The central question of the Chicago conference was whether the mechanisms underlying microevolution can be extrapolated to explain the phenomena of macroevolution.
The cellular phone software developed by Goodle and named Android will get more attention from many parties.
The cellular phone is claimed to more efficient than cellular phone powered by conventional battery.
The cells outside the trap, on the other hand, take in excess water and swell.
The cells inside the trap release water from their bodies.
The cells are packed and sold in module and can be used at high voltage technology.
The cells are grown in Petri dish, then they are made as a layer on a structure shaped similar to a bladder.
The cell walls of the animal have a special structure preventing extra water loss.
The cell growth system in human body runs normally.
The cell does not utilise available energy stored as ATP molecules.
The celebration of New Year seems not complete without firework.
The cave situated at Kfar HaHoresh site adjacent to Nazareth originated from stone period between 8500 - 6570 BC.
The cause of Tutankhamun?s death who was born in 1341 BC was still a mystery.
The cause of stomach infection disease in fact can spread via computer keyboard and mouse.
The caught was directly confirmed by the Interior Minister of Saudi Arabia.
The caught of Farhan was certainly shocked internet users in Saudi Arabia whose number is around 600 people.
The categories below the phyla possess basically similar body plans, but the phyla are very different from one another.
The catalyst finding indirectly adds opportunity for organic synthesis in the future.
The catalyst couple of carbena-metal and carbon hold their arms, and so the alkenes couple.
The catalyst couple now is more ready to catch another alkenes couple to form another new couple.
The catalyst becomes comparator standard for other catalysts.
the cases of viruses sending messages as if there are from users directed to users' email have been a real sample of how easily the case of breaking security and stealing identities are carried out.
The care provided by the crocodile, a wild animal of rivers, for its offspring is quite astounding.
The car was stucked on rail tracks and could not be moved when a train was passing.
The car seeded by manufacturers is sporty car for 2 passengers or city car sedan for 4 passengers, which is fully operated using batteries, and with power up to 1000 cc.
The cap automatically opens again when the dolphin surfaces.
The cameras will be installed in every Tokyo?s city corner, particularly at public places, such as railway stations and other potential public spaces.
The camera possesses several software limitation and we are going to analyze why it can happen, explained Gerhard.
The camera in Cassini also captures images of ice material agglomeration combination elongated -ties kilometers from one of the Saturnus? moon, Enceladus.
The camels? feet, which are large in proportion to its legs, are specially designed and enlarged to help the animal walk in the sand without becoming stuck.
the camel is a special animal in the service of mankind.
The camel can survive without food and water for eight days at a temperature of 50C.
The camel can also reduce its internal body temperature to 30C in the cool desert nights.
The Cambrian Age is a geological period estimated to have lasted some 65 million years, approximately between 570 to 505 million years ago.
The calibration is conducted by using another object whose age is known, so correction can be done to measurement result ratio of the object whose age is going to be determined.
The cable development project is estimated to cost USD 225 million and will be handled by a consortium of six companies.
The byproduct result of this community certainly gives better quality guarantee.
The butterfly?s proboscis is an advanced ?tool equipped with numerous technical details.
The butterflies that migrate to the south live six months longer than the previous three generations.
The butterflies that go down to the south do not disperse after they pass across the Tropic of Cancer and leave the cold weather behind.
The butterflies must have borne these interesting characteristics from the time they came into existence.
The business war between the giant king of global information technology business with the only one competitor company in the world, which is considered by majority of information technology observers to be able to topple down or at least to compete in software business, especially the internet online explorer application.
The business model of free software usually is placed at added value, such as support, training, customization, integration or certification.
The business direction has changed now.
The burning of thermat and phosphorous can cause very severe and painful burns since thermat and phosphor burn quickly and at such a temperature that one particle of this chemical substance go through the skin, nerves, muscle and also bones.
The Burgess Shale fossil bed is accepted as one of the most important paleontological discoveries of our time.
The Burgess Shale and the Rise of Animals by Simon Conway Morris has provided an explanation for the Burgess Shale fossils, or for the fossil record of the Cambrian Age in general.
The buoy with a diameter of 1 meter floats on sea surface, and equipped with telecommunciations antennas, meteorological sensors, and a transmitter of acoustic signals.
The bullet is stopped before it penetrates into the body.
The browser that will be given freely is named Chrome.
The breathing of dolphins is a conscious act and not a reflex as it is with other land mammals.
The breaking was clearly caught up and broadcasted recently in the program of Saint Rosa Press-Democrat.
The brassinolide finding is an accidental event.
The brain's language centre, known as Broca's area, sends signals to all the muscles involved.
The both sips have actually been posted in Luzon strait between Taiwan and Philipine where the broken cable located since Saturday.
The botanist A.D.Bradshaw's observations indicated that during reproduction, plants behaved according to the density of the planting, and limited their reproduction if the area was highly populated with plants.
The bones of the frigate bird weigh 118 gr, which is less than the total weight of its feathers.
The Bombardier Beetle, just as billions of other things that are created, is only one example of His boundless power and matchless creation.
The bomb explodes when the target approaches or starts the engine or usually after he or she drives the car and when he or she is inside the car.
The Bojonegor Regency is not only famous with flood.
The body temperature of the bird rises to 62o C.
The body of the dragonfly shrinks and becomes wrinkled in the old body.
The body of a dragonfly looks like a helical structure wrapped with metal.
The body is covered with material that will protect internal component from rainwater and dust.
The body has been created with air-sacs and hollow bones in order to reduce body mass and overall weight.
The body fluid is pumped by firm contractions of the body into the wing tissues.
The bodies of penguins are covered with a thick layer of fat so that they can survive in such a freezing environment.
The bodies of birds have been created to a special design that removes any possible imbalance in flight.
The board that will involve 16 departments/ministries will work directly under the president.
The BMW building, which is constructed by a similar technique, is, however, quite infirm in comparison with the skeletal structure of the sponge living in its aquatic medium.
The blowhole which is situated on top of their heads work for air intake.
The blood pressure, which is normally high enough to cause internal bleeding, now increases even more.
The blood is cleaned by means of air vents scattered throughout the body.
The blood flowing in vessels of opposite direction balances itself, which saves the animal from dangerously high blood pressures that can cause internal bleeding.
The blood circulatory system, resembling a complicated network of pipelines, serves this very purpose.
The blocked site was the site that is administered by Raja Petra Kamaruddin, a Malaysian figure who always criticizes governments official policy, and the  deflection done by the government.
The blockage was one of the government movement to restrain me, but it wont?t stop me.
The blockage was an amusing thing.
The blind has now been able to see basic light, movement, and shape.
The birds stored fat for fuel, just as they do when time for migration approaches.
The bird's head has been deliberately created light in weight so that the animal does not lean forward during flight: on average, a bird's head weight is about 1% of its body weight.
The birds do not fly haphazardly but in a flock.
The bird?s body structure, lungs, wings, digestive system and its ability to find direction are the examples of the perfect creation of Allah.
The bird weighs 7 ounces 200g at the start of the journey, 2,5 ounces 70g of which is fat to be used as fuel.
The bird to look after the offspring is now decided upon.
The bird has no time to lose.
The bird gains energy from changes in wind directions.
The biomass energy process it self exploit the sun energy for the fox of energy heat become carbohydrate by photosynthesis process to heat energy.
The biological system is a very complex system of God?s perfect creation.
The biological muscles as motors gave inspiration in artificial muscles for the development of biomimetic machine or rebot.
The biggest problem to cope is the batteries placement.
The biggest plasma tv is launched
The biggest event happened in 2002 at the Larsen B ice shelf and the breaks floated to open sea.
The biggest danger is when the animal lowers its head to the ground in order to get a drink of water.
The biggest contributor to this loss were heavy precipitation, drought, sleet etc.
The biggest contribution of the lost is environment high rainfall, dryness, ice rain, and so on.
The better we understand the functioning of insect wings, the more subtle and beautiful their designs appear.
The betet and beo birds can response to shadows in mirror but they do not know that those are their owned shadows.
The best thing to do to prevent the dam from being ruined by the water is to drive stakes into the streambed and to build the dam on these stakes.
The best observation achieved by Samaporn Tinyanont of Thailand.
The benefits of these more abstracted languages is that they allow both an easier learning curve for people less familiar with the older lower-level programming languages, and they also allow a more experienced programmer to develop simple applications quickly.
The benefits of FlexiCash using are practise so customers do not need bring much money anywhere and ease because transaction enough to be done through short message service
The believe is necessary as his company will launch new product with new marketing strategy on October 2008.
The Beijing Olympic 2006 is one of current several important achievement of China in an well planned effort to compete to become the first nation in sport.
The behavior of the on-off molecule was observable in fluorescence of GFP distributed in gel.
The behavior may be fluctuation result in protein structure, environment, or both.
The beginning of the Cambrian period, some 545 million years ago, saw the sudden appearance in the fossil record of almost all the main types of animals phyla that still dominate the biota today.
The bee resin is also used to patch cracks in the hive.
The bee is reckoned to do this calculation by making use of the change in the light emitted by the sun depending on the time of the day.
The bee is only an insect 1-2 cm in size and it only does that with which its Lord has inspired it.
The bee forms the middle part of the figure 8 by wagging its tail and performing zigzags.
The battery consists of two opposite electrodes, anode, and catode separated by electrolite.
The battery can be rolled, folded and curved as needed.
The batteries can be piled up and glued in order to get a bigger power.
The bat, therefore, faces the potential problem of not being able to hear the echoes of its sounds from a fly that moves away.
The bat has not only to release high pitch sounds but also to process reflected signals and to manoeuvre and adjust its sonar squeals all at the same time.
The bat determines its direction and orientation according to these reflected vibrations.
The basic reason why evolutionists imagine the coelacanth and similar fish to be the ancestors of land-dwelling creatures is that their fins contain bones.
The basic procedure was insert DNA into ovum which have no nucleus cell is breaded into master womb
The basic problem of ichthyosaur relationships is that no conclusive evidence can be found for linking these reptiles with any other reptilian order.
The basic principle of this health system is to prevent foreign substances from entering the hive.
The basic ingredients of bread and wood are the same, i.e. carbon, hydrogen, and others.
The basic assumption of the theory is that the front legs of some reptiles gradually developed into wings as they waved their arms around in order to catch insects.
The base is delicate statue sculpture, with excellent design, and taking into account details to make shape and size of the statue resembling living creature.
The barbules hold on to one another like a zip with the help of these hooklets.
The Bangladeshi government plans to reduce internet service tariff in the country by 50%.
The balance between anti oxidant and free radical is the major key to prevent oxidative stress and chronic diseases generated.
The Bacterial Flagellum.
The bacterial flagellum is different from all other organic systems that produce mechanical motion.
The bacterial flagellum is clear evidence that even in supposedly primitive creatures, there is an extraordinary design.
The bacteria is chosen because it has more simple DNA structure and only contain 580 genes
The bacteria in the ground  basically  is not threat  for the human being and there is not yet bacteria of disease carrier which have been found the same ability.
The backside of screen is equipped with the same material and the frame is designed in such a way so it can protet the screen eventhough the position is rotated 180 degrees.
The back of the nymph cracks first.
The bacillus Escherichia coli, whose mutants have been studied very carefully, is the best example.
The baby cub, of which sex was not yet known, was born to a 12 year old panda couple.
The awards are provided in three category, i.e. social and humanity science, natural science, and engineering science.
The award of Honorable Mention must be satisfied at the second rank of All Category Championship, and followed by Iran in the third.
The awakening of information technology in Sumatera is expected to boost urban, rural and villages growth simultaneously.
The available colors are red, green, yellow and purple.
The auricle gathers these sound waves, which travel at approximately twenty feet six metres per one fiftieth of a second.
The attack of spam alias garbage messages in fact does not attack e-mail addresses haphazardly.
The attack is aimed at network facilities, electronics and computer equipment.
The atom that has C symbol element is the major composer of organic compound.
The atmosphere models developed at present time in Indonesia was in fact taken from those in countries with moderate climate.
The astrophysics notice all lovely things visible in the universe, dand find out signs in it which lead to the understanding of fundamental, true rules which constitute them all.
The astronouts' life supporting backpacks are put around the door of the airtight room and the those backpacks will be automatically zipped on their backs when the door is closed
The astronomy olympic competition gets tougher
The astronomy even wants to track the rule until its foundation.
The astronomers could differentiate between black and non-black materials by applying a technique called gravitation lens.
The astronaut will meet from Monday to the next twelve day in order to define the status of Pluto.
The Asteroid was found in November
The assumption of the theory of evolution regarding quadrupeds holds that these living things evolved from fish living in the sea.
The assessment conducted by the consultant is for interconnection where only termination and origination tariffs are counted.
The assertion of Darwinism that all creatures are in an individual and selfish struggle for survival comes to an inevitable dead end in the face of the efforts of a single frog to defend its newly born offspring.
The artifacts were found from different site although from the same period.
The artifacts found included the head of Dwarapala statue, fragments of Ganesha?s head, and a statue head that could not be identified yet.
The artifacts are predicted to be 800 years old or made at the 12th century at the transition of Mataram Kingdom from Central Java to East Java.
The arrival of Jump-Be Robot Team from Electronic Polytechnic of Surabaya State of the Sepuluh November Institute of Technology, which took the third place in the robot contest of Asia Pacific Broadcast Union Robocon 2008 in Pune, India on August 31, 2008, Wednesday night.
The armour in the sides and top of the tank is usually thinner, while the back part of the tank especially the part over the engine has the thinnest armour.
The areas of Jabodetabek, West Java, Banten, Southern part of Central Java, Yogyakarta, East Java, Bali, and Lombok are charged a fee of Rp 10 per second during the initial 2.5 minutes, and Rp 0,1 per second for the following minutes up to the 30th minute.
The areas around East Nusa Tenggara was selected as they have relatively high sensitivity level of tsunami.
The area of ice sheet left at the north pole during summer decreases significantly from year to year.
The area of ice sheet covering the Arctic waters now is at the second lowest level in history.
The area of ice breakage in the area is 160 kilometer squares.
The archeologists excavated big cemetery near Pella, the capital city of old Macedonia.
The applications is the most favorite and should be selected as the best Open Source application of 2007.
The applications and distributions to farmer ofcourse the Agricultural Department rights and  other related institutions
The application of nano technology would create a new revolution in industry, and was believed that the winner of global competition in the future would go to countries that could master the nano technology and succeeded in integrating the technology into all aspects of sciences and technologies in their countries.
The application of biotechnology in the past could be seen in the invention of vaccines, antibiotics, and insulin, though still produced in limited amounts due to imperfect fermentation processes.
The application does not only control the Gorenje refrigerator, but all Gorenje?s products - starting from washing machine up to oven.
The application comes and goes easily from computers depending on the owners? demands.
The appearance of the flashing cloud in the darkness was also ever reported from Washington and Oregon, until Turkey and Iran.
The appearance of blog software is boring.
The appeal to reduce or even to get rid of eating meat was issued by by CIWF
The apllication of this tool had felt on food industries
The anti narcotics vaccine able to work at vaccine for methamphetamine, heroin and nicotine.
The Antartic peninsula faces higher temperature increase than other parts of the South Pole.
The Antarmuka team of Bandung Institute of Technology are now going through the decisive moments in the 2008 Imagine Cup of the international software competition held in Paris, France.
The Antarmuka Interface team consists of three students from the School of Electrotechnics and Informatics STEI ITB, and a student from  the  department of Fine Arts and Design ITB.
The answer to this question may sound like a clich.
The answer to this question is, indeed, very complicated.
The answer to this question is hidden in the inspiration stated in the verse to have been given the bee.
The answer to these questions is supplied in an article in the leading journal Science.
The answer to all these questions is obvious: it is not possible for the gnat to perform any of the above.
The answer can be given as a clear, No.
The animal with pole posture was estimated 35 years old when died.
The animal uses less energy in cutting through the water and swimming at higher speeds.
The animal totally disappeared in 500 thousands of years ago.
The animal protects and cares for its offspring not because it hopes for something or expects some future benefits, but because it was created so.
The animal needs also an eye pattern that will make it seem like an ant.
The animal leaving the foot prints was finally found
The animal fossil record more resembles such a cone turned upside down, with the phyla present at the start and thereafter decreasing.
The angle between the zigzags and the line between the sun and the hive gives the exact direction of the food source see picture above.
The ancient object conservation head of Egypt said the test was applied to ascertain whether the thousand-year mummies were the descendants of Tutankhamun and his wife, Ankhesenpamon or not.
The ancient cat was found in Venezuela.
The analysis of this principle can provide explanation on the process behind it.
The ampullary receptors cannot perceive the high frequency signals transmitted by the fish.
The amount of fat and other ingredients in the milk increases in parallel with the development of the baby.
The amount of degraded plastic is around 60%, quite a big amount.
The amount of carbon-14 left can be used to predict the age of died plants and animals.
The amount of bacteria can also be identified on the strange of the light produce.
The amniotic egg of the reptile is vastly more complex and utterly different to that of an amphibian.
The American pathologist David A.Demick notes the following in a scientific article about mutations.
The American army has been known to be exploring micro machines for a long time.
The Amazon transaction site was overwhelmed with orders entering the new year 2008.
The amazing skills were how to create stem cell embryo?s line and embryo of the cloning result
The ALU is capable of performing two classes of operations arithmetic and logic.
The alternative energy is called biomass.
The albatross, gannets, seagulls and other sea birds, on the other hand, use the air currents that are created by high waves.
The aircraft would be operated by his company, Virgin Galactic, to serve space tour packages in a more affordable price.
The air, at this point, becomes ready to leave the lungs.
The air tubes in the insect's body carry the air to different parts of the fly's body.
The air that we breathe is the most crucial substance for our survival.
The air returning from the lungs passes through the vocal cords in the throat.
The air quality in Beijing gets better during the Olympic
The air outside passes through thin corridors lying on the surface of the nest, enters moist cellars and reaches a hall at the top of the nest.
The air on upper atmosphere is very thin, but whit amount dioxide carbon increasing so upper atmosphere molecule unit more slowly and tended to flash the energy and cooling around the air.
The air is vocalised by passing through the cords and reaches to the surface via the nose and mouth.
The air currents lose speed when they hit the surface of the sea.
The Air Craft passengers are forbidden to bring reserves lithium battery I their luggages.
The AIDS disease bearers are fragile to skin disesase, besides decrease in immunity of their bodies, the factor of less hygienic environment can be a cause too.
The Agency for the Assessment and Application of Technology BPPT and the US Embassy in Jakarta launched two Indonesian-made  tsunami buoys
The aerosol pollution from Asia gives huge impacts to the world due to the long distance transportation
The aerodynamic structure of the feathers is another property of the system of balance in birds.
The aero planes will be specially designed so passengers can use their cellular phones.
The advantages from this reactor is seeing directly  gas volume at drum because it?s movement
The advantages as well as complexities in the nature, particularly in the biological system, gave inspirations for human beings to develop and improve sustainably the ability in science and technology in order to get a useful product.
The advantage is that there is usually a lot more information stored in a database and made available to users.
The advantage from this reactor is cheaper construction than using floating reactor because has not iron moving part which perhaps the price more expensive and easier treatment
The advantage from gasification process more efficient if  compared by a direct combustion
The advancement of interactive multi-media in the web has pushed the emergence of Avatar as a medium of emotion expression which is more capable and richer since it can display varied body expressions, not merely facial expression.
The Adequacy of the Fossil Record.
The additional threat of nuclear and chemical wars makes tanks supplied with equipment for nuclear and chemical wars.
The addition of the extra protein-rich yolk to the egg is another necessity.
The addition of a plug-board to his 1906 Type I Tabulator allowed it to do different jobs without having to be rebuilt the first step toward programming.
The acute cough disease formerly has been assumed only has correlation on to cigarettes and air pollution
The actual reason why plants decay and release heat is the funnel-shaped hole made by the megapode in the pile of plants.
The activity of stars observation, like in the Bosscha Observatory, basically requires a certain radial of distance.
The act of speaking is realised through perfect synchronisation of hundreds of muscles within a minute portion of a second: the thought that is designed in the brain as a response is formulated into language.
The act makes him/her must be sent to court, while actually he/she is preparing to enter college.
The acquisition of Slim Devices by Logitech two years ago had generated product.
The acorn weevil lives on the acorns of an oak tree.
The Acorn Weevil and its Drilling Mechanism.
The acid is named carboran acid.
The accurate step to encounter the free radical attack  is by decreasing its effects or optimalising the the antibody through antiocsidan antivities
The academic field and the engineering practice of computer programming are both largely concerned with discovering and implementing the most efficient algorithms for a given class of problem.
the absorbent pump of the fly.
The absence of only one element would mean death for the plant.
The absence of methylated hopanoid structure in C-2 provides information that soil fertility is caused by bacteria contribution besides cyanobacteria, such as khizobia or frankia.
The absence of a record of any important branching is quite phenomenal.
The above will only work against reflective glare, direct glare such as sunlight will completely wash out most monitors' internal lighting, and can only be dealt with by use of a hood or transreflective LCD.
The above soil fertilizing bacteria contain a lot of hopanoid compound as the largest constituent composing their cell membranes.
The abnormal dwarf characteristic might be caused by low brassinolide content in cell of gene deviation relating to brassinolide function.
The ability to store and execute lists of instructions called programs makes computers extremely versatile and distinguishes them from calculators.
The ability to soar is a sign of birds' superiority in the air.
The Ability to see the Signs of Allah
The ability of Indonesia in forecasting the climate can be seen through the government ability in presenting information concerning to the climate itself.
The abilities of a single protein to distinguish between lipid, hormone and medicine, and to determine not only the locations in need of them but also the amounts to be delivered, are all indications of flawless design.
The abandoned layer bends at the surface, so it might break again in several days to come.
The 4th region receives the incoming signal first.
The 21st science competes with many trouble shoots
The 2008 National Technology Awakening Day is set as innovation to empower national industry.
The 2007 class student said the banana flour was then made into raw materials for bolu cake spongecake.
The 1980s also witnessed home computers and the now ubiquitous personal computer.
The 17 year old teenager led a hacker network from Saudi Arabia, Lebanon and Turk to attack Israeli sites and caused quite a big loss.
The ?gladiator frog? is another species that defends the area in which are the eggs.
The guard soldier termites at the door easily detect if the intruders are in fact residents of the colony from their smells.
The  shape was made resemble a capsule which can transport two scientist
That's how two separate miracles happen within a period of time less than a second, which we refer to as seeing and recognising.
That's all a brief  explanation relating to penetration testing and activities of crackers and hackers.
That?s why compounds created by carbon atom are so many.
That?s why Acer positions the laptop as netbook alias internet surfer tool.
That?s effect is triggering the natural disaster to degrade the human being quality life
That would result in the snake?s falling prey to the animals it has chosen to hunt.
That would mean that the gnat could not suck any blood.
That why, since Thomas Edison until now, there were not electric lamp technology which cool similar to the cools of firefly lamp
That way caused risk for a short circuit  as occured during the first measuring.
That was why this year we tried to roll on electronic books in the Indonesian book market, said Putut Widjanarko, Executing Director of Mizan Publisher.
That was the ambition of Lintas Media Danawa, a new company that was founded by Lintasarta, Medialand dan Danawa International.
That was soybean only suitable to be planted in sub-tropic area such as America not in tropic area such as Indonesia
That was one reason why her proposal was turned down.
That was not a very bad price, as the capital they invest for a dot com domain name plus the web hosting can be as low as Rp 200,000 per year.
That was cracker alias stubborn hacker who did not care who the victim was.
That was because at that time lots of children`s toys were made from household wastes like citrus peels.
That was also said by Ahmad Zamroni, Chief Editor of Pustaka Azzam, when asked about the prospect of publishing e-books in his company.
That system with wireless sensor will allow superior to know workers performance by measuring heart pace, body temperature, body movement, face expression, and blood pressure.
That state is possibility distribute the blanked of germ vaccinate to Indian
That side effects are flu, downhill of white cell blood, hair fall, albuminuria, and etc.
That reality motivated scientists to end the era of electric pheriperal and cable soon.
That problem is the reason for Miller and friends to do this research.
That mosaic creatures do not count as intermediate forms is also accepted by such foremost paleontologists as Stephen Jay Gould and Niles Eldredge.
That might indicate social values change at that time from hunting to agriculture and husbandry.
That might have been a few words that our parents said after we peeled the peel of a pomelo.
That living things can keep their generation going can only be possible through the perfect functioning of their reproductive systems.
That jaw can open to 180 degrees.
That is, while the two frontal wings ascend, the back pair of wings descend.
That is, there is a shortage of 0,4 ounce 12g of fuel and the bird would have to run out of energy hundreds of miles before reaching Hawaii.
that is, the theory at the heart of in his book.
That is, the bat's perception of a fly is made possible by the sounds reflected back to the bat from the fly.
That is, the bat had to zigzag its way through them.
That is, it cannot cause anything to evolve.
that is, death, disability, and freaks of nature.
That is, an entirely separate genetic program would have had to be loaded so as to include information about the physical traits of the bird.
That is why this gas form element is named as laughing gas.
That is why the papers are very flexible.
That is why the naive belief that inheritance was transmitted through blood was commonly accepted.
That is why the complex consisting of the two proteins rhodopsin and transducin and a smaller chemical molecule GTP is called GTP-transducinrhodopsin.
That is why neo-Darwinism had to add the mutation mechanism as a factor altering genetic information to the concept of natural selection.
That is why land-dwelling creatures experience thirst, something that sea-dwelling creatures do not do.
That is why he/she dares to rob to pay the debt.
That is why a hurt can cure itself without treatment
That is what the famous French zoologist Pierre Paul Grasse referred to when he stated, We are in the dark concerning the origin of insects.5 Now let us examine some of the interesting features of these creatures that leave the evolutionists in complete darkness.
That is to say the least what Esia of PT Bakrie Telecom and  Flexi, owned by PT Telekomunikasi Indonesia, did.
That is to say that a list of instructions can be given to the computer and it will store them and carry them out at some time in the future.
That is the advanced step to figure out the characteristics of such mysterious dark materials.
That is how big the sound wave which is produced when for patient?s body or head.
That is how a fly can detect another insect creating extra airflow and can escape to safety most of the time.
That is because, for life to have begun on land, the amphibian egg must have changed into an amniotic one within the lifespan of a single generation.
That is because only by the time the lipids would have evolved to their final place and shape, could the creature have made use of this crucial system.
That is because every form and shape in nature is a design.
That is because besides hard work, a good design requires primarily devising clever ideas or subsidiary details during the process.
That is because an electrical system without full functionality could not bring the creature any advantage in terms of survival.
That is because a mutation in the forelegs will not produce a new wing.
That is all a general and brief explanation of an electric system.
That is a model how big sound wave spectrum frequency of the dolphin for therapy based on the patients? diseases. Because, from the sonar records, sound wave frequency is different for each diseases
That is a description by Prof. Michael Denton, an Australian biochemist and a renowned critic of Darwinism.
That individual kinds of fossils remain recognizably the same throughout the length of their occurrence in the fossil record had been known to paleontologists long before Darwin published his Origin.
That figure is equal to twice of the combo lebaran special numbers of last year.
That computer game is played by a character of a soldier of the United States of America.
That cellular operator recorded a jump of almost 600% of the normal condition in the traffic of outgoing calls during the day of Idul Fitri celebration and one day before.
That activity is often known in the underground of online world as defacing activity.
That a limit to variation does exist in nature is assumed by most authors, though I am unable to discover a single fact on which this belief is grounded.28 In The Origin of Species he cited different examples of variations as the most important evidence for his theory.
Thanks to this system, the cells that make up the flight muscles take oxygen directly from these tubes.
Thanks to developments in genetic science, it is now understood that increases in variety within one species can never lead to the emergence of another new species.
Thank you for the struggle of my students, you might not the first winner but you do not lose.
Than the virus is called hepatitis C
Than the rays will absorb by phosphorous arranging in layer interior of glass so that the light will glow.
Thai's minister of information technology and communication said he has banned any access to hundreds of websites
Tha all by doing exactly, quickly, and accurately
Textile with nano character is a leading clothes material and begins to develop in the world, and also ceramic with nano character whose display looks better and stain free, said the physics experts from the Indonesian Institute of Science.
Text editors were developed that allowed changes and corrections to be made much more easily than with punch cards.
Terrorism has earthed.
Termites, which look very much like ants, live in imposing nests they make out of soil.
Termites utilise special systems created in their bodies in implementing inborn defensive and instinctive sacrifices.
Termites' teamwork and such sacrifice destroys the fundamental assertion of Darwinism that every creature lives for its own interest.
Termites are surely not chemists, who understand the details of the coagulation system in ants or synthesise a compound formula to neutralise this system.
Termites are small, ant-like creatures that live in crowded colonies.
Ten Technologies Leading to Bionic Mankind
ten percent of the body weight of the large soldiers is comprised of special fluids.
Ten of human being mystery have not been solved yet
Temperature control, just like humidity control, is done in a very sensible and sensitive manner.
Tempe soybean cake and tape productions fermented cake either fermented sticky rice or fermented cassava are very well known fermentation processes in Indonesia.
Telkomsel itself  embraces two advertisement media, Interaksi Media and Interaktif Media, to take care of the mobile advertisement and the advertising companies.
Telkomsel is still committed in expanding its coverage to remote locations by considering balance including demand and capability of local people.
Telkomsel is convinced that they would be able to increase their subscribers up to around 50 millions as up to mid January its users numbered 49 millions.  
Telkomsel does not know whether its move to offer cheap prices would have an impact on other operators.
Telkomsel calls this service T-Cash, which is a developmental step of mobile broadband and digital business services.
Telkomsel added 4,800 BTS, so the number at the end of 2007 was 20,800 BTS.
TelkomFlexi wireless fixed telephone service up to August 2008 has been used by 8.2 millions customers.
Telkom was also optimistic that high speech internet  access  would grow quickly in the future along with the increase of people awarness  of the importance if the internet.
Telkom keeps trying to increase the Flexi customers with target 9 millions by the end of 2008.
Telkom has cooperated with some outlets that can accept the transaction.
Telkom also prepared seven home-coming posts to serve their customers along the way home.
Television screen gets bigger.
Telephone tariffs are predicted to decrease diastically because these services are very cheap
Telecomunication tower was an easy target of this phenomenon
Teheran also launched space program eventhough on the other side uranium controversy still stealthily to Iran with West Country
Ted William corpse, a popular basketball player, is kept here
Technology with this alphabet eases information writing.
Technology sabotage at the election America President campanye.
Technologically, short message system has a big chance to become mobile advertising.
Technological world progresses from time to time.
Technically, the sensor in OBU automatically sends data of changes of pressures in  the water coloumn.
Technical writers are similarly trained or have a background in technical writing, along with some knowledge of the subjects they are documenting.
Technical data of members such as place of origin, age, occupation would become interesting profiles for the distribution of appropriate information.
T-Cash services will later be extended into other businesses, such as supermarkets, shopping centres, public transportations, vending machines, hospitals, bookshops, restaurants, and gas stations.
Taylor, cooperated whit Dr Harrold Otto from Massachussets General Hospital, US, has employed similar methods to make tissues of heart arteries, blood vessels  and of other organs.
Taxa that were once thought to represent successive grades of complexity at the base of the metazoan tree are being displaced to much higher positions inside the tree.
Tattersall also make an important comment.
Tariff promotion can be taken, but should not be exaggerating because it might hamper quality of the service.
Tarantulas generally hide themselves in the tunnels they dig underground.
Tanks? cannon can launch kinetic energy penetrator missiles.
Tanks with poor suspension will cause intense vibrations felt by the drivers, and this will make it difficult for the drivers to operate them, reduce the tanks? speed, and make it impossible to deliver shots while the tanks are moving.
Tanks will eventually be dependent on trains and the infrastructure of railway tracks, as there are not armed forces which have enough vehicles for transporting tanks.
Tanks were at first used during World War I for breaking the impasse of  trench wars, and after a long time the roles of tanks  underwent an evolution to replace the roles of cavalry.
Tanks uses two or four chain treads to move.
Tanks continued to develop during World War I, for example, Mark V tanks, which were designed with a very long body so that these tanks could even move across wide trenches.
Tanks cannot travel continuously at their highest speed, they have to make a routine stop to do some preventive repairs so as they are always ready for battles.
Tanks are very powerful battle vehicles.
Tanks are usually organized in the unit of armour plated vehicles in combined troops, which is a combination of infantry and other cavalries
Tanks are armor-plated battle vehicles which move on chain-like wheels.
Tanks are also ineffective in jungle fields, and urban areas, where its long-distance cruising ability  cannot used.  
Talking about fiction books in particular, only a few titles have been made in digital version.
Talking about a chemist tries to cure cancer, it is better if we know first a little bit about cancer cell.
Taking that as his starting point, he continued with the logic that living things can naturally diversify within themselves, which means that over a long period of time all living things could have descended from a common ancestor.
Taking apart a pair of brain is not that easy, but still it is not out of possible.
Take out or deform one of these, e.g. one of the bones of the middle ear, and there would be no hearing whatsoever.
Take a fruit, an orange for instance.
Taghipour also said that Iran would cooperate with Russia and other Asian countries relating to the development program of the satellite launching.
System Without Room for Smallest Error.
System that built by support factor machine SVM is computing method which these days become one of warm study in computing world of recognition pattern.
System Behind the Thrusting Force.
Synthetic gas has two advantage that is can be burned by using the combustion machine directly or extract became the methanol and hydrogen  
Syngas is converted to liquid hydrocarbon compound, after that it is processed using hydro cracking process to be fuel and other petroleum products, including lubricating oil.
Suspected acquired list will be renew every time along with the progress of the terrorist ability.
Surrender Japan to ally in the year 1945 conclude bioterrorism action of unit 731 and Japan?s expansion program for biological weapon forever  
Surely, this phenomenon can be felt in 10 occurence in the below.
Surely, acquiring the traits of a land-dwelling living animal would not be advantageous for a marine animal.
Surely none of these assumptions are true.
Supports blood formation.
Supertoy HL-2 is part of Javanese rice group.
Supercomputers usually see usage in large scale simulation, graphics rendering, and cryptography applications, as well as with other so called embarrassingly parallel tasks.
Supercomputers in particular often have highly unique architectures that differ significantly from the basic stored program architecture and from general purpose computers.
Sunlight activities which storm potentially is pointed out can cause the lost of cellular phone signals, direction point tools, or the other electronic wares
Sun strom could also cause trouble on aerospace space hight orientation control system in the earth orbite.
Sumut and Mestika Banks as regional banks centralized in North Sumatera have also use this Joint ATM, he said.
Sumatra island is the major supplier in tiger trade to international market.
Sumatera Telkom will digitalize all masjids mosques especially that become icon of regencies in Sumatera, in order to increase information and technology for jamaah and realize the dream of the state company to make Sumatera Digital Island.
Sulphur is an expected superconductor.
Sulphur element can be found in several allotropy forms, two of them are monoclinic and rhombic sulphur, such as the picture attached below.
Sugar is a common material in fermentation.
Sudden appearance - in any local area, a species does not arise gradually by the steady transformation of its ancestors.
Such tendency has convinced many economic observers that China will eventually take over the number position of world economic power by 2020, and defeat the United States of America and Japan.
Such site is very helpful because searching engine index as the result is expressed in different ways.
Such rains do not indicate that we enter rainy season yet.
Such manuver shows how a fly's brain is able to process information from a sensor to be a wonderful responsive movement
Such knowledge can only be said to exist at the level of a community of individuals of the same species.
Such eggs possess an ideal structure for development in water.
Such designs tend to be useful only for specialized tasks due to the large scale of program organization required to successfully utilize most of the available resources at once.
Such condition is something really proudit is our best condition for the last ten years
Such chemical substances, generally called as CFC, has long not been used since 1987
Such benefits are good enough to be studied in advanced in research level.
Such as, farmers really need information concerning to the forecast of rainy season so that they could prepare the rice planting season well.
such as a man losing part of his little finger and all his sons being born with deformed little fingers, and boys born with foreskins much reduced in length as a result of generations of circumcision.
Such an immense power in a creature is a tremendous miracle of creation in itself.
Such a powerful system, which would normally kill a human, is contained within a special chamber, and has been wrapped with a web of capillaries in order to reduce the deadly affects.
Such a high temperature is bearable for honeybees but lethal to the hornets.
Such a high body temperature, which would kill a land creature, is vitally important for a bird's survival by increasing energy consumption and, therefore, power.
Such a different creature comes out of the shell that it is indeed hard to believe that these two are different developmental phases of the same being.
Such a change requires an increase in the genetic information of the living thing, which is certainly not possible through variations.
Such a carefully engineered and calculated system as this is indisputable evidence of the perfection in creation.
Succeed to launch moon monitor satellite on October 2007, china was more ambitious in covering outer space mission
Subsequent research has shown that the magnetic field of the earth seems to act on bird species.
Subnotebooks have been something of a niche computing product and have rarely sold in large numbers until the 2007 introduction of the Asus Eee PC and the OLPC XO 1.
Subnotebooks are smaller than laptops but larger than handheld computers and UMPCs.
Subdistrict secretary, Nanang Hartono, just typed the letter in Kantaya.
Subcritical reactor uses external neutron source than uses chain reactions to obtain fission reactions.
Studies show smaller eggs are not rigid, but sturdy and flexible, which prevents them from breaking under impact.
Students are also the target of Telkom to expand the Speedy internet service.
Structures are traditionally designed to deform as little as possible; mechanisms are designed to move component parts in predictable ways.
Structure of Bird Feathers.
Strong only hold out.
Strong acid is destructive.
Stratosphere ozone is able to provide substance which can refine and protect world from direct ultra violet light
Storks make use of these warm air currents, especially when migrating.
Storks and other wild birds migrating from Europe to Africa choose to travel either over the Balkans and the Bosphorus, or over the Iberian Peninsula over the Gibraltar.
Stopping illegal logging, popularizing tree planting, using live plant as fences and changing life style to safe the earth.
Still according to Siti, actually ability of the Indonesian contingent is equal with Iran.
Stickers can be attached to the inner part of the battery lids so that the cellular phone sets can be used online or offline, said Suryo Hadiyanto, Corporate Communications Manager, PT Telkomsel.
Steven believed that this protein was found on monarch butterfly which guided them use sun position on the sky.
Stephen Jay Gould, a Harvard University paleontologist and well-known evolutionist, admitted this fact first in the late 70s.
Stephen Jay Gould and Niles Eldredge write in 1993 that most species, during their geological history, either do not change in any appreciable way, or else they fluctuate mildly in morphology, with no apparent direction.
Stephen C.Meyer, P.A.Nelson, and Paul Chien, in a 2001 article based on a detailed literature survey, dated 2001, note that the Cambrian explosion occurred within an exceedingly narrow window of geologic time, lasting no more than 5 million years.
Stem cell still become controversy as one of the therapy way. Two significants between ethics and theraphy clash each other
Steganografy is an art to hide the message in the other message in such a manner so that other people don?t reliaze there is some thing inside of the message.
Steganografy computer is used because a lot of digital file form which can be made by media to hide the message.
State media stated that potentially there were evidences from scientific theory and learn to preserve seaweed in beach and port.
Stasis - most species exhibit no directional change during their tenure on earth.
Starting this week, game lovers have been able to play a quite controversial computer game.
Starting this September we will distribute proposals on robotic laboratories development to all schools in Indonesia.
Starting from single cell organism and then you can fly around galaxies to explore new world, meet with other living creatures and build communities.
Starting from 2010 the fossil will be displayed around the world after full study accomplished.
StarTech Mobile also has recently released a dual SIM cards cellular phoneST67.
Start on next February 18, 2009, all people in the United states that did not have the digital peripheral and just rely on the antenna, so will not catch the picture from the magic box.  
Start at last Tuesday, national information and telecommunication council will distribute two coupons as value $ 40 USD every house that is used to buy converter equipment.
StarOne which has moved to a new frequency of 800 MHz provides cheap telephone and internet services.
Standard and Education are given free at a capacity up to 6,5 GB per e-mail account, while Premier is priced at 50 US dollars per e-mail account per year at a capacity up to 25 GB.
Squeezebox does not rely on your PC, and almost automatically do scanning to the available networks.
Splinter grenades are grenades which are designed to kill infantry, by throwing away splinters to all directions.  
Specifically, the healthy person can be detected to have cancer or not with level of accuracy 100%.
Species living in the Sahara dig an irrigation canal 40 m underground and provide that water reaches the nest by evaporation.
Species are usually static, or nearly so, for long periods, species seldom and genera never show evolution into new species or genera but replacement of one by another, and change is more or less abrupt.
Special System for Non-Confusion of Signals.
Special Purpose Receptors.
Special preparation from major operators at Lebaran travelers dense pockets, such as Pantura lane, ports, railway stations, bus terminals, interisland transshipment, recreation centers and tourist destinations often visit by public during Lebaran break.
Special meal of Latin America consists of mash avocado blended with chili and tomato.
Special for postpaid users, StarOne offers special internet access package Monthly Ngorbit.
Special electromagnet based with superconductive material is used widely in medical world for magnetic resonance imaging.
Special Control Mechanisms.
SpaceShipOne, the first private manned spaceship that use hybrid machine is powered by special fuel which is safer.
Spacecraft named Rosetta owned by European Space Agency ESA has approached Stein asteroid as planned.
Space walk was also absolutely not directly face to sun to avoid radiation directly to astraunots bodies.
Space and energy efficient
Soviet have 8 instalation facility to biological weaponin their state, to test the germ antrax, and feed mouth disease.
South Korean scientists team express, people who snore when they are sleeping more dangerously have bronchitis
South Korean online media, Edaily, reported a new rumor that mentioned the plan of Samsung Electronics to acquire SanDisk Corp.
South Korean is classified to slow down country in launch satellite our outer space program.
South Korean has lost contact with their first satellite which launched since 1999
South Korea?s satellite lost
Sound is conducted through this lipid material to the auditory bullae, a large vesicle.
Sorbitol in bubble gum was able to cause diarrhea to someone
Soon, their skins become too tight, not allowing them to grow any further.
Soon before spring, the drought season for Australia starts, and the male begins to air the decayed plant layer.
Soon after they complete their journey and arrive in Canada, they die.
Soon after the birth of its second offspring, the female copulates again.
Soon after fertilisation, the blind kangaroo offspring, which is approximately a centimetre, comes into the world.
Sony will be the last company of four music label companies that sell music without copy rights protection, at least for several items on sale.
Sony BMG will sell some ot its music without copy rights protection technology or known as Digital Rights Management.
Sonification data would interpret complex vibration data become sound that could be heard
Sonar Inside A Dolphin's Skull.
Sometimes, evolutionary biologists claim that they cannot observe the evolutionary effect of natural selection and mutation mechanisms since these mechanisms take place only over an extended period of time.
Sometimes they use the currents generated by smaller obstacles such as ships, over which seagulls soar.
Sometimes they group during feeding and emit high-pitched sounds so powerful that they dazzle their prey, which are then ready to be picked up.
Sometimes the parents do not eat anything for a long time in order to feed the young.
Sometimes the bacteria are subdivided into eubacteria and archaebacteria, for six kingdoms, or, on some accounts, three superkingdoms are eubacteria, archaebacteria and eukarya.
Sometimes one of these systems is dysfunctional and eventually a cell can proliferate improperly.
Sometimes it signals warnings through bright colours.
Sometimes called a luggable laptop.
Something very astonishing has just happened, a dead heart could be revived in a laboratory, and it was now throbbing by itself
Someone?s fingerprint is not only private identification, but also with current research by Purdue Univesity United States of America it can be used to identify chemical matters left on fingers.
Somebody said it was the destiny
somebody said global warming is only natural lover imaginary.
Some, such as dinosaurs, are extinct, but the majority of these species still live on the earth.
Some wheat was placed on a dirty piece of cloth, and it was believed that mice would emerge in due course.
Some websites derive revenue by offering products or services.
Some use a limited range of desktop components to provide better performance per dollar at the expense of battery life.
Some think that they can explain the subject away by saying that birds have a sort of compass in their bodies.
Some termites apply an infectious adhesive onto the attacker by a spraying method.
Some tanks can launch guided missiles or rockets out of their cannons, and can prolong their reaching distance and this enables them to destroy targets in the air.
Some subsystems, such as Wi Fi, come in contemporary laptops on replaceable MiniPCI cards, usually accessible through a door on the bottom.
Some species deposit their eggs in a form, which is joined together like a raft.
Some species are known to exceed 19 mph 30 km/h.
Some shallow comments in evolutionist literature are mainly based on a Lamarckian rationale.
Some scientists hold the reason of migration to be seasonal changes while some others believe the reason to be the search for food.
Some scientists also develop alternative technology to reduce the increasing rate of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, which is the prima causa of global warming.
Some scientist succeed to develop a mini LED illuminated projection machine ware which enable to function phone cellular like projector
Some samples of fermentation are ethanol, lactate acid, and hydrogen.
Some revisions have been done; compared to the previous version it can be seen that, among others, the new version has been integrated to Microsoft Outlook system, making it easy for users who are familiar with that email management software.
Some researchers carried out a DNA test recently towards two tiny mummies assumed as the baby of Firaun Tutankhamun who was born dead.
Some researchers and technologies try to imitate biological objects to make smart and active object which functions accordingly like the biological element
Some researcher have made new improve a mini projector which is designed in such manner in order to be able to send the picture virtually into any kind of electronic ware
Some reasearh findings proved that fenolic curcumine compound from turmeric and catakin polyfenol from tea were protective against bounce and intestine cancers.
Some reactive oxygen coumpounds from the physiological process and others are oxygen ROS, such as environment pollutants the vehicle and indutrial emission, asbestos, smokes, and else, ionization radiation, bacterium infections, and viruses, and other oksidant chemical coumpunds.
Some prices even reached three billions something rupiahs.
Some people hesitate to report crimical acts due to high cost of reporting via cell phone.
Some people assumed local variety soybean  was not superior and  lost to import soybean
Some others might be the water vapors resulted from mothan oxidation at the layer.
Some of these egg groups contain about 300 eggs.
Some of them might be the water vapors resulted from a high vaporization around tropical areas breaking through up to a maximum height.
Some of them are nitrosamine and vinyl chloride.
Some of the proteins in the blood are transport proteins, which bind lipids and carry them to tissues.
Some of the manuscripts have been sold to overseas.
Some of the inherited syndromes characterized clinically in the days before molecular genetic analysis are now being shown to be heterogeneous; that is, associated with many different mutations.
Some Muslim people often hang the Qur?an on the walls of their houses within a decorative cover and elderly people read it from time to time.
Some monitors will also switch themselves completely off after a time period on standby.
Some mobile phone users often complain of advertisements on the SMS sent by operators over and over again.
Some migrating birds fly at very high altitudes.
Some living beings can produce within their organisms quite complex chemical compounds.
Some last decade the allergic and asthma cases of among American poeple have to be increased.
Some languages are very popular for particular kinds of applications e.g., COBOL is still strong in the corporate data center, often on large mainframes, FORTRAN in engineering applications, and C in embedded applications, while some languages are regularly used to write many different kinds of applications.
Some insects today, such as bees and dragonflies, possess exactly the same eye structure.
Some incentives and awards are also available for green car manufacturers.
Some historic computers had no modern display, using a teletype, modified electric typewriter, or printer instead.
Some have legacy ports such as a PS/2 keyboard, mouse port or a serial port, parallel port and S video or composite video port.
Some geologists will research stromatolite or the oldest reef that has emerged since the Archean era or aging around 4,000 years at the Satonda Island, Sumbawa Regency, West Nusa Tenggara.
Some flies have only a pair of wings and round shaped organs on the back called halteres.
Some features on his friend's face cast different intensities of light on his retina e.g. darker facial features such as eyebrows would reflect light at much lower intensities.
Some experiences are hard to be forgotten, otherwise we always forget some important things
Some examples of modern torpedoes are, among others, US?s MK 48 which is launched from the torpedo cylinder of a submarine and uses passive or active sonars.
Some even consider them as spams  like useless email spams  which are sent without the consent of the service users.
Some English scientists will explore the deepest under sea area in the world in order to uncover the nature of Caribian under sea lives
Some diseases already investigated and strongly assumed as having relation to the free radical activities covered more than 50, including stroke, asthma, diabetes mellitus, some chafe intestine diseases, cronic gagging of blood vessel in the hearth, Parkinson, and AIDS.
Some details are particular to the individual.
Some designs produced by man after years of research, effort and technological development have existed in nature for millions of years.
Some crocodile species build nests of weed on cold water, rather than digging holes as seen in the picture to the left.
Some computers may divide their work between one or more separate CPUs, creating a multiprocessing configuration.
Some companies have tried much to make online softwares to evaluate websites.
Some can only operate on whole numbers whilst others use floating point to represent real numbers albeit with limited precision.
Some BTS belong to Indosat is conrolled because it is suspected to have operated although it hasn?t get its radi transmition permission.
Some birds in fact can do and recognize themselves in front of mirror.
Some birds deal with this danger by landing.
Some basic elements of this scandal are.
Some bacteria use a whip-like organ called a ?flagellum? to move about in a liquid environment.
Some apply an interesting brushing technique; they paste the poison onto the offender's body by using the upper lip like a brush.
Some antioksidant in certain dosages could change into peroxidant.
Some amateur evolutionists put forward such examples of logic as the following: since human beings average height has risen by two centimeters in just a century, this means that over millions of years any kind of evolution is possible.
Some adjusment of technology convert they are desinfication, carbonasi, pirolisis, gassifikasi.
Some 140 years ago Darwin put forward the following argument.
Soldier termites are equipped with wonderful artillery.
Solar storm threats outerspace station
Solar light storm is a natural phenomenon on the sun when proton and electron throw out as the effect of the sun magnetic activity which is usually happen every 11 years
Solar energy radiated to the earth is 15,000 larger than the global energy use and 100 times larger than coal, gas, and oil deposits.
Solar energy problem might be similar to nuclear energy.
Soil samples analyzed in a research must be from top soil layer that is rich in oxygen.
Software that is stored in ROM is often called firmware because it is notionally more like hardware than software.
Software industries demands the government protection upon the intellectual wealth right
Software company demanded the government to protect the intellectual wealth right following the  boost of hijacking
Soft ware in the machine has been programmed to hide  the alarm if there is a dangerous chemical material.
Soemarno start to develop the cutter pili bactery in 1989 in the university Kebangsaan Malaysia, followd by a year workshop in japan
Soemarno has tested his vaksin on experiment mouse
Soda silicate solution is also known as water soluble glass and widely used as adhesive in waving carton boxes manufacturing and give fire resistant characteristic.
Social network sites where many internet users interact generally are blocked by companies because occupy wide bandwith.
Social network sites in fact is quite influencing to manager?s decision in recruiting employee candidates.
Social Life of Dolphins.
Social interactions between humans have established an extremely wide variety of traditions, rituals, ethics, values, social norms, and laws which form the basis of human society.
Soaring in the Wind.
Soaring has two major benefits.
So, when you slice the vegetable, it wouldn?t make you cry
So, when the seed germinated, bacteria would begin to infect soybean roots then formed root nodules
So, website business players on the average build information gates.
So, this opportunity for mobile advertising is used by Telkomsel by launching As Fress initial package card.      
So, there is no warehouse or reservoir for keeping electric
So, the wood is degraded to become nano material and reassemble with designated composition to become bread.
So, the prize of Rp 220 millions plus software packages worthing Rp 145 millions for each winner is basically a business capital.
So, the point is that public is expected not to be careless dealing with the security system
So, the knowledge about various penetrations will clearly facilitate the system designer to predict any attack scenarios
So, the bee returning from the flower source, tells the other bees the distance of the flower pollens by means of certain body movements.
So, Supertoy paddy is not a variety that has high production protential.
So, space or harddisk and bandwidth are the responsibility of the server company which provides the e-mail hosting service.
So, several webmasters often make fun of Wordpress as an exile because of moving out from the domain as software blog.
So, its operation system that uses Linux is stored in additional memory Compact Flash with capacity 1 GB.
So, it would become an obstacle in itself if, at some time, the owner of the website sells it.
So, it will be done a proof medically on therapy result which is done by respondent patients.
So, it is not only iPod touch that can be used, but also any web equipment exists in the Wi-Fi network in your home.
So, it is more enticing for companies already active in this field to engage in the business of buying and selling of websites which already have traffic, rather than entering into real estate business.
So, it is clear that p53 is part of the most important security system for human.
So, it can be said that Google Apps could be a killer for hosting companies which set very expensive prices for their sevices.
So, in the name of Google?s credibility, they gives lots of free facilities.
So, in designing a tank, a right balance should be identified between protection for the tank and the total weight of the tank.
So, if we read an e-mail talking about server, the advertisement on the right side might contain an advertisement offering servers.
So, if the force of gravity did not have precisely the value it does, the earth would either collide with the sun or be lost in the depths of space.
So, I haven?t got many advance graphic design subjects.
So, how does this adjustment take place.
So, how does the evolutionist view explain the origin of land-dwelling animals.
So, by means of not informing the penetration testing technique to public, a few people who incidentally figure out the penetratin could take advantages of public negligence.
So when the solar energy is produced in big volume, then this energy is explored as the major future energy source.
So we had to find more dinosaurus bones to support this growth theory
So via this scientific and recreational exhibition can be introduced Indonesia and its fascinating natural wealth.
So then, what happens when an electric fish comes near another producing the same signals? Does this not interfere with both their radars? Interference would be a normal consequence here.
So the energy wasted is 65 units.
So the avian lung cannot function as an organ of respiration until the parabronchi system which permeates it and the air sac system which guarantees the parabronchi their air supply are both highly developed and able to function together in a perfectly integrated manner.
So that, in arranging security policy, human and local culture factors should be seriously considered.
So that we could design an integrated movement to anticipate and decrease any risk of the climate change impacts.
So that various assessment research on indicators of soil fertility level has been popularized by researchers.
So that in 2050, the level of gas emission of the green houses will decrease up to 80 percents of the highest level happened in 1990.
So that frogs, which are previously regarded as disgusting and uninteresting to the public, can now become one of the fauna that are seen as interesting and useful for human life.
so that constant gas preasure.
So long there is no report from researcher team other countries which have succeeded in doing done to dog
So how does a compass - an apparatus produced by man with his collected knowledge - come to exist in the bodies of birds.
So how do they achieve this.
So from this item can be concluded that hopanoid compound in soil may be used as chemical indicator of soil fertility.
So for these reasons, evolutionists are still unable to resolve Darwin's problem of the origin of species.
So for that reason, as Grass puts it, No matter how numerous they may be, mutations do not produce any kind of evolution.
So far, there was not any applicable method to predict volcano eruption
So far, there are limited reports on findings of hopanoid in top soil, such as in mud, scum of cyanobacteria, sediment of small pond, and also sediment of small lake.
So far, the most important animal put forward as the ancestor of reptiles has been Seymouria, a species of amphibian.
So far, scientists assume large water volume in lake is not influenced by the impacts of global warming, but in fact very fragile.
So far, Pluto is threatened to be out of the planets, while Xena has an opportunity tobe one of the planet in our solar system
So far, no observable example of evolution has been obtained by this method.
So far, it is still difficult to know where the leather and bones will be sold.
So far, Gtalk instant messaging and Gmail email service are still under similar service from Yahoo or Microsoft.
So far xenon element is a hard to react element.
So far there has not been any problem with this instrument, said the Coodinator of design, maintenance and operation of BPPT tsunami early warning system, Wahyu Pandoe.
So far the US government has focused on emission reduction as a way out to reduce the level of CO2 in the atmosphere.
So far the research conducted by four universities has covered only 20 percents.
So far Sony utilizes DRM technology to prevent music piracy.
So far MSG industry uses 60 percents of molasses as raw material.
So far many patients suffer from skin diseases visit nurses or medical doctors, and as the result the diagnoses and medications are inappropriate and take longer time. In this regard, the role of doctors in socializing the information must be intensified.
So does in the development of security system
So consumers are expected to be more productive or can enjoy digital entertainment wherever they are.
Snore causes disease as effect of upper cavity respiratory vibration
Snodderly concluded that lutein prevented retina disorder due to blue light by absorbing the light and preventing photo oxidation.
Smoking, for instance, is a purposefully activity of entering various free radical poisonous chemicals into the body.
Smoking habit and consuming alcohol are known to cause reduction of the pigment density.
Smoke grenade usually takes the form of a metal cylinder with holes at the top and bottom for sending out smokes.
Smoke grenade is grenade in the form of a tin which is used as land or land to air signals, marker for a target or landing zone, or as a camouflage for troop movement.
Smart computer test the effective of hepatitis therapy.
Smaller soldiers help the workers in food gathering and repair of the nest.
Small players in this business will not work on segment of current news portals as they have been left far behind by the mass media.
Small Barbs and Hooklets.
Sixth competition that will be held out side of Japan for the competition from member Asia Pacific country which have as members more 100 television station and radio from 50 countries.   
Sixteen percents of employees that possess social network sites acknowledge they change contents of their profiles to make more professional.
Sistimatically, ishe and his team make of the prisoner  of was as their attempt ware
Single carbon atoms resulted in the upper atmosphere is radio active and instantly combines with oxygen to form carbon dioxide used by plants.
Since, the computer is used more widely and has more various functions
Since we know that animals have no conscious rational intellect as people do, the only explanation of this event is that this creature is specially programmed for this task, and originally created able to do it.
Since Toyota launched the first production of Prius model in 1997, it has became the top car selected by pro-environment car buyers in US and Europe.
Since this process takes place in the millions of proteins in the cell, the cGMP concentration is suddenly reduced.
Since this process takes hours, they sometimes fly in this clenched position.
Since they occur randomly, they almost always damage the living organism that undergoes them.
Since they had the capability to endure very extreme cold environment, these microorganisms were called extremophile.
Since there is no food in these waters, the mother frequently lays unfertilised eggs in the flowers for the newly born frogs.
Since there is no air in their lungs, they do not run the risk of getting bent.
Since then, in the 20th century, science has posited the principle of genetic stability genetic homeostasis, based on the results of experiments conducted on living things.
Since the waters warm up much later than the land, warm air currents are not formed over the seas, which is why birds that migrate over long distances do not choose to travel over water.
Since the program counter is just another set of memory cells, it can be changed by calculations done in the ALU.
Since the mother cuckoo lays one egg every two days and it takes five days for each egg to be formed in the ovary.
Since the International Astronomy Union determined the definition of Plutoid, the Makemake was included in this group along with Pluto and Eris because it fulfilled the provisions as big, round object and located farther than Neptunus.
Since the first launching in Indonesia the progress has been satisfying.
Since the eclipse does not occur every time, so when it does, the phenomenon seems interesting to be watched and enjoyed by public
Since the CPU does not differentiate between different types of information, it is up to the software to give significance to what the memory sees as nothing but a series of numbers.
Since the computer's memory is able to store numbers, it can also store the instruction codes.
Since the beginning of his term, Untung Wiyono, who has a background as a businessman, has given top priority on efficiency in carrying out his administration.
Since the agreement to initiate AGOS in 2005, Indonesia as the initiator of OSS has conducted a series of activities.
Since so many personal computers were made into e-mail servers, it is astonishing that in the cyber traffic the name of server which is in the top rank is Google server.
Since she does not do anything other than lying eggs, there is a special crew only to take care of her by feeding and cleaning her.
Since satisfaction enhances customers? loyalty to products or services offered by companies.
Since red blood cells have to travel inside capillaries, their volume has to be minimal i.e. they have to have the maximum surface with minimum volume.
Since prices have no limit anymore, all have offered relatively similar prices, so the selling point is on the services.
Since olden time human being have recognize the combustion biomass
Since natural selection has no consciousness or will, it can do no such thing.
Since modern computers typically execute instructions several orders of magnitude faster than human perception.
Since mediaeval times, spontaneous generation, the theory that non-living matter could come together to form living organisms, had been widely accepted.
Since long time ago, the plantation originated from Rafflesiaceae genus is difficult to classify because of their un comment body characteristic.
Since it was very deep el zacaton was predicted as a habitat of microbas which are lived without light or oxygen and was probably similar to that of in Europa
Since it is thin and flat in shape, this battery can be attached or printed on the surface of an appliance
Since it is small, it is handy to carry like a book.
Since it is designed to surf the internet, Aspire One uses hard tool to satisfy the need.
Since high level languages are more abstract than assembly language, it is possible to use different compilers to translate the same high level language program into the machine language of many different types of computer.
Since flying consumes a lot of energy, birds have been created with powerful breast muscles, large hearts and light skeletons.
Since electric cannot be kept, so the electric should be continuously distributed from the generator subsystem to locations it will be used
Since early decade 1990, human being have to climbed higher for finding squirrel, beaver, and rats.
Since data is constantly being worked on, reducing the need to access main memory greatly increases the computer's speed.
Since Darwin's time, there has not been a single shred of evidence put forward to show that natural selection causes living things to evolve.
Since Darwin, the electrical fish have been shown to have much more complex systems than he thought.
Since computers merely execute the instructions they are given, bugs are nearly always the result of programmer error or an oversight made in the program's design.
Since a minute vibration caused by another frog or a dragonfly?s flying past can destroy this film and send the eggs to the bottom of the water, where they would be left to die without oxygen, the male frog guards the eggs.
Since 500 millions ago, animals in that period had 13 genes called Hox
Since 5,000 years BC, the Egyptian has made imitative jewelry from glass with high skill and impressive beauty.
Since 2005, robotics has become one of the superior expertise group in Unikom.
Since 1980 it has become clear that peppered moths do not normally rest on tree trunks.
Since 1960s, scientists have already known about protein which is able to enhance bone tissues  in order to regrow when encoutering damages.
Sinar Mas launches global warming campaign via free writing books.
Sinar Mas Group together with the Environmental Ministry will distribute two million free writing books for elementary school students all over Indonesia which contains message to be care of global warming.
Simultaneously, another command is given to the vocal cords in the throat, tongue and the lower jaw and the greetings sound is produced by the muscle movements.
Simpely, LED is defined as one of semiconductor altering electrical energy to became light, LED is ossifiy and solid peripheral so that edvance in depend.
Similarly, this mechanism should transform the fins into feet and provide the sort of skin texture that will hold water inside the body.
Similarly, the temperature in the hive has to be 35C throughout ten months of the year.
Similarly, the fact that maggots appeared in meat was believed to be evidence for spontaneous generation.
Similarly, it offers no explanation of how the foreleg of a reptile came to change into a perfect wing as a result of a defect in the genes.
Similarly, Concorde?s motors were placed at the rear as is the driving motor-like fin of the dolphin and a very good result was obtained.
Similarly, blood circulation in birds is very fast.
Similarly, Alfred S.Romer, another expert on the natural history of vertebrates, writes.
Similarly, a computer may sometimes go back and repeat the instructions in some section of the program over and over again until some internal condition is met.
Similar to talking to a customer service representative on the telephone, a dynamic website will provide personalized, real time information and take the appropriate action intended to serve the customer?s needs immediately.
Similar to ATM cards which have a limit on the amount of money transacted, T-Cash service will also apply this kind of limit, for example the minimum amount of money in one transaction is one million rupiah.
Similar technique has been applied to obtain oil.
Similar report allege the England possibility also use pathogen to destroy their enemy at nort America colonization
Similar belief is also expressed by the expert staff of the Minister for Research and Technology, Engkos Koswara.
Silica particles cannot compose themselves in a regular structure because of very fast cooling process.
Sikorsky Helicopter Company of the US developed a new design by directly adapting the methods the dragonfly uses for flight to helicopters.
Signals Describing Gender Differences.
Signals Describing Age.
Shrock found that molybdenum and tungsten are the most suitable metal as catalysts.
Shrock and friends are in high spirit to find molecule and more stable alkilidena complex.
Shrinkages of body sizes of animals are not observed yet.
Shrimps, salmon fish, shells are potential sources of astaxanthine.
Show projector, which is mini in size, is suitable for PDA size and can be planted into cellular phones.
Should Wawan manage to gain achievements in that prestigious, Asiawide arena, he would bring fame not only to his province but also to the nation and the country.
Should there be no team succeed in  becoming Govinda, the team which manages to gain the highest score within the three minutes`time will be declared the winner, he continued.
Should that happen amidst the issue of terrorism, there would be an increase in the tension, especially in the Middle Eastern regions, and that would lengthen the occurrence of war conflicts.
Should a tsunami come, the people in the land can still be evacuated around 15 minutes before the waves reach the land, so that the number of victims can be minimized
Shortly thereafter, the machine originally described by von Neumann's paper EDVAC was completed but did not see full time use for an additional two years.
Shocking grenade or also called flashbang.
Shiro Ishi wished to use the biological weapon at Pacific war in 1944
Shenzhen vehicle which succsfully brought two the first two China's Astronouts to the space was a Russia Soyuz space ship
Shell gets inputs not only from industrial waste, but also from household waste.
Shell can survive even though the heavy metals concentration is higher than its body weight or meat.
Shell can store heavy metals in high concentration.
She was anxious of the victims while other people did not do anything.
She said the science and technology are the driver and pilot on economic success in the 21st century
She said shells found at river estuaries at the north coast of Central Java averagely contained plumbum and cadmium above threshold.
She proved it when many countries in the world did not like the US culture and politics
She lays about thirty thousand eggs in a day, which means close to ten million eggs in her lifetime.
She introduced the technology of solar energy and high quality agriculture development in the continent  
She explains, compared to human, shell is more resistant in protecting itself by accumulating heavy metals.
She answered that the hsitory did not  look like science experiments.
She also begins a real action of science diplomacy policy from a small group, that is, the Science Organisation of Israel-Palestine
Sharks, skates, and rays may carry very high levels of urea in their blood.
Shark's blood may contain 2.5% urea in contrast to the 0.01-0.03% in other vertebrates.
Sexual maturity stage of female dolphin generally at the age of 9 years old.
Several weeks before the olympic games, the cityzen of Beijing was trying to make the air their city become fresh by waking early and going to work by bus
Several time before Japan capitulated, laboratory of unit 731 is destroyed by Japan?s soldiers
Several studies also indicated that lutein could help preventing skin from ultra violet radiation.
Several researchers predict 99.99% of carcinogens we digest are natural.
Several researchers predict 99.99% of carcinogens we digest are natural.
Several recent years, was expanded balloon reactor type which are applied mostly as a simple reactor in small scale.
Several pictures from ancient time still exist until now, so current humanbeing can understand the information which want to be transmitted by its maker.
Several photos show Mercurius surface is full of wrinkles like as spider web
Several kinds of hormones are also present in it.
Several huge young stars are known in the area of 100 years light from the black hole in the center of galaxy
Several fields using artificial intelligence are expert system, computer game, fuzzy logic, artificial neural network, and robotic.
Several European aerospace councils satellite died for a while because of strom.
Several environmental groups object carbon exile on the ground, because it will not support efficient fossil fuel use and alternative energy sources use.
Several developers of ENIAC, recognizing its flaws, came up with a far more flexible and elegant design, which came to be known as the stored program architecture or von Neumann architecture.
Several dangerous carcinogens are aromatic hydrocarbon.
Several compounds produced are carcinogen that can be found in fungi.
Several companies have utilized softwares thatwere specially designed to manage relationship between companies and their customers or customer relationship management.
Several chemical reactions possess higher reaction rates at higher operating pressure or temperature.
Several artists via paintings and posters ever depicted a pair of lover in which one of them provided the laughing gas to the partner because the partner is too talkative.
Several antioxidant types work together in protecting normal cell and neutralize free radical.
Several aminoazo coloring also indicate carcinogen, such as imethylaminobenzene.
Servises like Telnet and ftp have been much removed and replaced by more sure applcaiton since equipped with encription technology as ssh or sftp
Services module becomes the first choice to be implemented by PT TA Finance, since this is in accordance with the need priority of the company, which never loses its touch with the customers.
Service counter for inhabitant?s ID Card and other documents in the Office of Subdistrict of Kalijambe, for example, was as good as a counters in a bank.
Sepuluh November Institute of Technology, Surabaya, developed applications for optimizing product delivery to be used by industry cluster/small and medium enterprises.
Separate debuggers like gdb are also used.
Sensors under the wings and on the back of its head send information about the flight immediately to its brain.
Sensitifically, the victim of cancer that doing test can be detected suffers from cancer gene, so the handling can be cured as early as possible.
Semantic search engine, which focused on the search of object meaning not only on keywords, is predicted to be a trend in the future.
Seismic songs was expected can be used to see the increasing signs of volcano seismic activities
Seen as deceptive, widespread consumer objection and lawsuits eventually forced most manufacturers to instead measure viewable size.
Seemingly, multitasking would cause a computer that is switching between several programs to run more slowly   in direct proportion to the number of programs it is running.
Seeing the sufficiently high contents of beneficial substances, he and two of his friends tried to make snacks from banana skins.
Seeing from the ability, system prosthetic is appropriate clinically.
Seddon said that consuming food containing high lutein could reduce AMD risk.
Security vendor and government agencies are expected to invest in security education and security development.
Security is a process, not a product
Security gap exists due to internet system in airplane is connected with navigation and control network of the airplane.
Secondly, the utilization of nuclear technology to produce nuclear weapons is a political interest, specifically war political interest which has long been a haunting danger.
Secondly, most mutations are harmful since they are random, rather than orderly changes in the structure of genes;any random change in a highy ordered system will be for the worse, not for the better.
Secondly, it enables the bird to significantly increase its flight distances.
Secondly, grenades have holes into which fuses can be put.
Second, the ability of the sensors can be made higher than that of biological sensors.
Second, Obama planned to implement new energy contribution of about 10 percent for electric power station in the coming 2012.
Second, aging is a result of broken body cells
Second, a moving area to inform our muscles to do something
Sea-dwelling organisms discharge waste materials, especially ammonia, by means of their aquatic environment.
Sea-dwelling creatures have no problem in bearing their own weight in the sea, although the structures of their bodies are not made for such a task on land.
Sea lion does not have place for rest.
Screen savers with moving images may be used with these to minimise localised burn.
Screen savers were developed as a means to avoid burn-in, but are redundant for CRTs today, despite their popularity.
Scientists, who realise this, have been observing nature for a very long time and they make use of it in their inventions.
Scientists will take CO2 resulted by plants in big amount and transform it to liquid.
Scientists who tested Kettlewell's conclusions came up with an even more interesting result.
Scientists understand that all mammals need enough sleep
Scientists think that invertebrates were fossilized, and their soft tissues kept intact in regions such as Burgess Shale, by being suddenly covered in mud with a very low oxygen content.
Scientists team also plan to transplante artificial bacteria to life cells
Scientists succed to expand contact lens become more sophisticated
Scientists said that disappearing of seaweed field in Tampa harbor, Florida was caused by pollution.
Scientists realize that mean value taking process in scientific observation covering detail behavior of a molecule.
Scientists predicted the ice sheet at the north pole will really disappear by summer 2080.
Scientists predict those wrinkles occur because outer space objects impaction to Mercurius when it planet still young
Scientists long believed this to be harmful and due to the porous structure of the eggshell.
Scientists joining the Maryland Astrobiology Consortium tried using two  species,  namely  Halorubrum lacusprofundi an Methanococcoides burtonii.
Scientists have still not found an answer to this question.
Scientists have known about the flagellum for some time.
Scientists have found genetics information which helped us to explain why the king butterfly tipe found the flyng line in winter from Canada to Mexican mountains.
Scientists have determined that these proteins carry the signals turning the motor on or off, form joints to facilitate movements at the atomic scale, and activate other proteins that connect the flagellum to the cell membrane.
Scientists from US are trying to develop batteries made from papers.
Scientists from New Zealand and Japan have created the onions which free of tears.
Scientists from California, United State, said that they had re-produced two embryos of two men cloning
Scientists find that during laugh three parts of brain are included
Scientists do not believe the auditory system to have a big impact on the return journey.
Scientists discovered yet another feature that plays a big role in the swift movement of the fish: The skin of the dolphin is made up of three layers.
Scientists discovered through research that the leg muscles of fleas are not as strong as the jumps would really require.
Scientists discovered the water track through moon?s soil samples taken home by the Apollo mission on last four decades
Scientists describe such creatures as the platypus as mosaic creatures.
Scientists could observe magma movement in the core of volcano
Scientists continued with their experiments on bats: a new experiment was conducted in a long corridor, on one side of which was a bat and on the other a group of butterflies.
Scientists are still surprised and confused to see the mercurius aging symptomes
Scientists are now crreating computer chip which is able to replace hippocampus function, a brain part controlling short term memory and spatial understanding.
Scientists also conducted research by comparing mouse that had p53 gene mutation with normal mouse.
Scientist still try to look for the its scientific explanation
Scientist started their observations as soon as the bat was released into the pitch darkness of the corridor.
Scientist speculated those wrinkles happened because Mercurius core begin to cool
Scientist said, this experiment could explain how evolution works and could be basic technique of gene therapy  to return the broken cells
Scientist of America succeed to make mini equipment research which able to research gene and protein activity into unicellular
Scientist group, thus, tried to find the casual factor of the disappeared seaweed and pollution emerged as the main factor.
Scientist developed the anti cocaine vaccine
Scientist Alan Feduccia says feathers have an almost magical structural complexity which allows a mechanical aerodynamic refinement never achieved by other means.
Scientific research further reveals new examples of the miracles of creation in bats.
Scientific observation shows that the finch beaks, which have been mythicized in almost all evolutionist sources, are in fact an example of variation; therefore, they do not constitute evidence for the theory of evolution.
Scientific evidence indicates that the planet formed 4.54 billion years ago and life appeared on its surface within a billion years.
Scientiests are still using the term of free radical for a group of atom forming a molecule.
Science and technology will improve weak economic system and decrease the number of poor population
Scalded by the boiling chemical substance squirted with pressure, the enemy panics and gives up the hunt.
Saying that the insects dig independent tunnels and these happen to be in accord with each other would be sheer nonsense.
Save the energy save the cost
Satonda reef stromatolite formation at the Motitoi Lake is found limited from surface to oxygen limited depth or at the depth of 24 - 28 meters.
Satonda Island is a geotourism area visited by many experts, particularly geologists, including tourists from within the country and overseas due to its uniqueness.and specificity of the area.
Satonda is a small island used to be volcanoe at the north of Sumbawa and Satonda volcanoe formed crater called Motitoi Lake.
Satonda crater depression is estimated formed by fallen material on top of Satonda volcanic magma kitchen caused by an eruption 10,000 years ago that formed the crater.
Satelite move faster.
Saphrole in sassaphrase and alpha toxin is produced by edible fungi, and it is a natural compound.
Samsung has started to strengthen memory industry via the first acquisition on Transchip Israel Ltd on October 2007.
Samsung bought sensor image developer company, headquartered in Tel Aviv and made it as one of a new research and development centre.
SAM can also be launched from ships, an example of this is the Aegis.
Sale of tiger body parts at some souvenir shops, antique shops, Asian traditional medicine shops, and animal markets at nine cities.
RX-420 rocket, according to the head of Lapan, could undergo static tests around next October and the first launching test was expected to be held early next year.
RX-320 shot off smothly
Ruthenium metal is more stable in the air.
Russia well work together with China to develop a roboth mision to the moon and mars and other space missions
Russia was reported to invest about USD 24 billions to develop industrial technology in the communist country.
Russia succeeded to become the first state in the world of exploring fresh water in a depth of 1680 meter under the sea level
Russia asked China in a mission to the moon and mars
Russia also succeeded to thrust its flag there.
Rusian sold the technology wich was the become the bases of development of the launching program of china's spaceship
Rural Innovation Award was the newest category within the Imagine Cup during its six-consecutive-year  of execution since 2002.
Rubidium was ever considered as ion machine fuel for spaceship because this element is easy to be ionized.
Rubidium metal can be made by reducing rubidium chloride with calcium and several other methods.
Rubidium is also used as getter in vacuum tubes and as photocell component.
Rubidium can be in liquid form at room temperature.
Royal jelly used in problems caused by tissue deficiency or body frailty.
Royal jelly is a substance produced by worker bees inside the beehive.
Royal guards inject these chemical fluids into wounds inflicted on enemies by means of their lower jaws.
Royal guardians, which are much larger in size, safeguard the young larvae and the royal couple by preventing any intruders from entering the royal cell.
Rovana was very successful scientific appreciation
round and orange form DEPTHX robot is called Clementine
Rotating cannon, previously not available in all tanks, was considered a very important thing.
ROM is typically used to store the computer's initial start up instructions.
Rods differentiate light from dark and cones perceive colours.
Robots constructed upon the model of insect legs prove to stand with better equilibrium.
Robot is worked to do a totally risky work rathen than do by men.
Robinson also thinks that market of micro fuel cell technology is quite big.
Robert Leslie of Southampton, England, saw the cloud at dusk in July 1885 and reported his observation in Nature journal.
Robert L.Carroll, an evolutionary paleontologist and authority on vertebrate paleontology, is obliged to accept this.
Robert Carroll, in his Patterns and Processes of Vertebrate Evolution, makes the following comment about these allegedly related forms.
Robert Carroll, an expert on vertebrate paleontology and a committed evolutionist, comes to admit that the Darwinist hope has not been satisfied with fossil discoveries.
Robert Carroll, an evolutionist authority, admits this fact in his Patterns and Processes of Vertebrate Evolution.
Robert Carroll is forced to agree in 1997 that Most major groups appear to originate and diversify over geologically very short durations, and to persist for much longer periods without major morphological or trophic change.
Robert Carroll has to admit that neither the fossil record nor study of development in modern genera yet provides a complete picture of how the paired limbs in tetrapods evolved.
Robert Carroll admits the evolutionist impasse on the origin of several taxa among the early vertebrates.
Robert Carroll accepts that this creature shows a fairly advanced stage of evolution of these features the specialized features of the skull of snakes, in other words that it already possesses all the characteristics of modern snakes.
RNL Bio succeeded to clone several of dogs, among others; state slued hound Custom Office order, smell cancer dog, and accepted pet dog cloning order belong to the United States woman with charge 150.000 USD.
Rivers would flow more slowly and hence electricity would not be generated at the same rate.
Rincon explained that those fossils were discovered along with other fauna fossils as panther, wolf, camel, raven, duck, and horse.
Right now, we are developing the possibility of bio farming.
Right now there are no transitional forms, yet further research will uncover them.
Right now his party still tries to restore the site.
Right now a set of tests is beeing done.
Richard Monastersky, a staff writer at ScienceNews magazine states the following about the Cambrian explosion, which is a deathtrap for evolutionary theory.
Rhodopsin then takes a form that enables it to stick to another resident protein in the cell called transducin.
Rhizobium bacterial application on plants by mixing suspension bacteria to soybean seeds
RHEO is able to carry out self-program according to patient's intense, creating comfortable movement when walking down.
RFID reader emits radio wave signals which will induce the antenna of the RFID cards.
Revolutionary steps of extensive development have been basically implemented in varied fields since 1970s, and economic is the main sector, when the Communist Government of China decides to open the isolation from western economic system.
Responsed this politic crimes, a federal agent was formed
Responding to the event, the Head of Polri Public Relations, Irjen. Pol. Abubakar Nataprawira did not want to pay attention.
Respiratory system.
Researchers were interested on that phenomenom
Researchers think that even this speed alone is not enough to lift the insect and that they make use of other systems as well.
Researchers said that early sexual behavior was very needed by dinosaurs to survive, so the female could lay eggs before it become a food of the others dinosaurs
Researchers in the Georgia Institute of Technology in the US, are now developing a control system using tongue.
Researchers in space institute predicted that the collision happened in a location with the distance of 5,7 billions of light-year from the Earth.  
Researchers grow a new bladder out of the patient?s cell, then they transplant it back into the patient?s body.
Researchers from California found signs that dinosaurs began to lay eggs on two female fossils
Researchers from Amiens University took the worm as a model and manufactured a worm-like robot consisting of independent components.
Researchers combined the main part of both genes to construct single gene which is similar to its ancient gene at 530 million years ago
Researcher from agency for the assessment and application of technology stated that biotechnology research in Indonesia not left far behind yet with other countries.
Researcher and application technology committee with the United State ambassador launched Two Tsunami Buoys made in Indonesia.
Research to know hopanoid compound concentration in fertile and infertile soil has been conducted by many researchers.
Research showed that, from a similar amount of protein, only 10% of  mammals-produced protein was converted into body matters, while with insect-produced protein, up to 40% of insect-produced protein could be converted into body matters.
Research results in food sector that will be shown among other is dry resistant and pest resistant paddy.
Research result indicates that inefficient battery is one major consideration in adopting mobile equipment rich with multimedia functions.
Research in stem cells breeding allows patients with stroke or other diseases which cause losses or impairment of body tissues to gain full recovery of the lost or impaired body parts
Research in artificial intelligence relates to machine fabrication to optimize tasks that require smart behavior.
Research has been started since three to four months ago identified positive result
Research conducted by four universities sometime ago only found city center and ritual center of the Majapahit era.
Reptiles, on the other hand, lay their eggs on land, and consequently their eggs are designed to survive there.
Reptiles possess some distinctive features.
reptile transition is just another of the major vertebrate divisions for which clearly worked out evolutionary schemes have never been provided.
repetition: Perform some action repeatedly, usually with some variation.
Remote control using light movements such as sidewise head movement, mouth blowing, taking of breath is generally suitable for only some degrees of commands.
Reminding us that bats are completely blind to light, scientists expect to encounter another surprising system.
Relaxing a group of muscles automatically results in contraction of an opposite group followed by relaxation.
Relating to joint tower policy which will be enacted soon, Member of Indonesian Telecommunication Regulation Agency Committee, technologically, the use of that infrastructure by several operators in one tower is very possible.
Regulations are made to be impinged
Regulation of our bodies by a collection of atoms, of course, is a sign of the infinite wisdom of God Who created our bodies without flaws.
Regulation of humidity and ventilation.
Regulating factor is chemical compound that controls production of some hormones vital to human body.
Registers are used for the most frequently needed data items to avoid having to access main memory every time data is needed.
Regarding to the problem, NASA has organized a  panel to study the problem and its effect
Regarding the real climate change by using two change estimations, i.e. average temperature where they live and impacts of climate change towards human in the whole world.
Regarding the origin of these creatures, evolution is again at an impasse.
Regarding costs, Jully says it is still in counting.
Regarding advertisement, he said, omzet of one year is up to Rp. 40 trillions, but 86 percents is absorbed by television, and the rest of 14 percent go to
Refering to the success of the operationalization of Open Source Software in 2004 General Election in Jakarta Province?s General Election Committee. the possibility of implementing Open Source Software for next year?s general election is now being investigated
Refelecting on this nuclear issue, there are several points that should become our attention, such as to what extent the right to develop technology and the right to fulfill the needs of a country could be made fair to all parties concerned.
re-emerged as an issue with early plasma displays, which are more vulnerable to this than CRTs.
Reed is very confident that carboran acid can react with xenon.
Reduction of macular pigment density impacts to decreasing retina ability to filter entering light.
Reduction of ice layer will generate larger impact than global warming itself.
Red cells look like discs.
Red blood cells make up the majority of all blood cells.
Red blood cells have the responsibility of carrying oxygen in the blood.
Red blood cells deliver oxygen to tissues, carry the carbon dioxide, which is produced after the burning of sugar, back to the lungs and then leave it there.
Recruitment managers use internet to acquire more information of employee candidates in skill and achievement.
Recording of the earth surface using optical camera of a vessel cruising aerospace at a certain height actually is not a new thing for Indonesia.
Recognition of own shadow is an important factor in interaction.
Recognising and knowing the signs of Allah calls for personal effort.
Recently, murai bird of Pica pica species has passed the mirror test.
Recently, IBM tests storage array based on SSD with capacity of 4 terabytes.
Recently cellular operators advertise intensively on promotion of their new tariff programs.
Recently a laptop was also reported exploded and burned in South Korea.
Recently a chemist proposed that unit for a molecule should be named guacamole.
Recent observations have revealed that the finches did not undergo an unlimited variation as Darwin's theory presupposed.
Recent findings indicate that almost all phyla, the most basic animal divisions, emerged abruptly in the Cambrian period.
Reason tells us that unconscious intervention in a perfect and complex structure will not improve that structure, but will rather impair it.
Realized the growth of non-cash lifestyle, Telkom offer new service which is called FlexiCash, that is digital money service which can be used for payment transaction, or non-cash buying through telkom Flexi service
Ready for sample which is amount collided by a constrain do not easy to provide  the certain sample.
Read whatever data the instruction requires from cells in memory.
Read the code for the next instruction from the cell indicated by the program counter.
Reactive protection may take the form of bars attached to something, but not permanent layers.
Reactive protection is approppriate for fighting projectiles which are equipped with conventional heads and the passive protection is suited to fight kinetic energy penetrator projectiles.
Reaction between free radicals and molecules ends at a disease occurrence.
Reaching an orbit needs very high speed.
RbAg415 is very important because has the highest room temperature as conductor among ion crystals.
Rats typically live underground and surface every two hours to feed.
Rather, they represent serious difficulties that evolution cannot account for, since in all cases the different taxonomical categories appeared on earth suddenly, with no intermediate forms between them, and with all their different structures already intact.
Raposcan midified four tools,some based on old technology which has been used for ten years.
Rapidly diffuses through the blood.
Rapid calculation is supported by the application digital mark readers or intelligent character recognition for data entry.
RAM can be read and written to anytime the CPU commands it, but ROM is pre loaded with data and software that never changes, so the CPU can only read from it.
Rain and dust are two things that must be avoided by laptop owners.
Radiocarbon production rate is affected by ocean ventilation change, or by geomagnetic variation.
Radars work on the same principle.
Quoting the data from International Data Corporation 2007, the Representative of BSA Indonesia stated that the piracy level in Indonesia is still 84 percents, or just lower by 1 percent from the level at 2006 which reaches 85 percents.
Quoting an analysis in Harvard Business Review, he said the effort to recruit new customers needed a cost of 6 to 7 times more expensive than the cost needed to keep existing customers.
Quite the contrary.
Quite many visitors bought computer due to the discounted prices even though they did not really need it.
Quadrupeds is the general name given to vertebrate animals dwelling on land.
Putin expected such amount of money could be used to develop various high technology products starting this year until two years forward.
Put briefly, the theory says that fish acquire the traits of land-dwelling animals before they even feel the need for these traits, while they are still living in the sea.
Pushed global warming by using LED lamp.
Purwodadi Botanical Garden in East Java was also considered as a right location to be explored.
Pumping CO2 into ground.
PT. Telkom Indonesia offered to distribution company and delivery service a new improvement as electronic application.
PT. Telkom have to be closely associated with electronic logistic delivery company
PT Telkomsel launched Simpati Talkmania product, i.e. low cost communication in which with Rp. 2000 customers can make many calls in a day to other Simpati customers.
PT Telkom with its subsidiaries has tried to collect social fund for educational purposes of its subscribers via a program called SMS donation.
PT Telkom prepared anticipatory measures to face the increase in the communication traffic during the idul fitri celebration.
PT Telkom Indonesia offers several distribution and delivery service companies a new breakthrough in the form of an electronic application.
PT Excelcomindo Pratama admitted to be satisfied with its performance in the last 2007 after collecting 6 millions new subscribers during that period.
PT Andal possesses 2 softwares dedicated for industrial companies, and the price is Rp. 50 - 100 millions.
Provided the functions in a library follow the appropriate runtime conventions eg, method of passing arguments, then these functions may be written in any other language.
Provide the necessary data to an ALU or register.
Proteins which are similar with p53 serve as the security system towards uncontrolled cell growth.
Protein-rich insects
Protection against burning sand.
Protection against burning and freezing weather conditions.
Propolis has the feature of not allowing any bacteria to live in it.
Progress in technology has changed everything, most of children?s toys are now made of plastic as plastic has good durability and it lasts long and are relatively safe for children.
Programs were mostly still entered using punch cards or paper tape.
Program execution might be likened to reading a book.
Professor of Psychiatry, Dr. Tom Konsten who led this research stated that it was a result of working hard during one decade with his team.
Professor Mustafa Kuru, a Turkish evolutionary biologist, says in his book Vertebrates.
Professor John Ostrom, head of the Geology Department at Yale University, who proposed the cursorial theory, explains this approach.
professional hunters.
Products or services providers should not only know but also continue monitor the needs and wishes of their customers.
Productivity must be equipped with work and innovation, which can be stimulated using information and technology, which among other, tapped via internet facility.
Production of methanol in Indonesia was more visible, secure and in terms of marketing, it has its consumers.
Producing software with an acceptably high reliability on a predictable schedule and budget has proved historically to be a great challenge; the academic and professional discipline of software engineering concentrates specifically on this problem
Produced by adding special secretions to the resins they collect from trees like pine, poplar and acacia.
produce a new nutrient - honey - and store it for the coming winter months.
Processor size which is 25 percents smaller than the previous version is considered to allow computer producers to create smaller all-in-one desktop computer up to notebook.
Processed data is sent to areas affected by tsunami.
Probably, this is the price which has to be paid for an unauthorised changing of blog softwares into news portal.
Prior to this, the mother initially inspects the ground thoroughly by using the delicate receptors under her abdomen.
Prior to the use of full digital system, semi-digital system should be used.
Prior to the genom project, the average loss of agricultural produce in the US was 78.4 per cent of the total that should have been gained, Arief said.
Prior to reacting with rhodopsin, tranducin is bound to another molecule called GDP.
Prior to join BSA the growth of Zahir, founded in 1997, is only around 30 percents.
Prior this, Telkomsel as subsidiary of Telkom has also implemented micro payment using cell phone through TCash service.
Printed and recorded collections of 231,000 books belonged to the Library of North Sumatera Province now can be accessed online.
Principally, thermal solar is solar radiation enhanced by mirror to divert it to absorbing equipment containing liquid.
Principally, hormone production regulation is controlled by hypothalamus.
Primary fighter tanks are battle vehicles which have the best protection in the battlefield.
Previously, to write a letter of order for business trip, he has to go to a computer rental shop in Gemolong, around 15 kilometers from Gilirejo.
Previously, telephone and stationery costs in Sragen regency reached up to Rp2.3 billions a year.
Previously, Japan made progressive step and controversial related its state security by making photo copy and fingerprint all of foreign tourist step into Japan
Previously, Iran succeeded in launching Explorer 1 rocket to space in last February.
Previously, I went home in the afternoon, Parjo said laughing loudly, when he was met Saturday afternoon.
Previously cells could only divides itself around 50 times at the most.
Pre-history artifacts in form of human sex were found from an ancient tomb in Israel.
Predicted to have water reservation twice as much as that of earth, Europe has   attracted the astronomers since the Italia astronomer Galileo Galilei started to observe the fourth biggest moon of Jupiter in 1610.
Predator dinosaur was predicted to live in 200 years million ago.
Precaution against tornadoes and storms.
Practicing nature harmonious life style is a must in daily life of public and government in the world.
Powerful laptops meant to be mainly used for fun and infrequently carried out due to their weight and size; the latter provides more space for powerful components and a big screen, usually measuring 17?20 inches.
Potency biomass in Indonesia
Posman spoke of several areas in North Sumatra, where people used to consume insects such as grasshoppers, dragon flies, and a kind of crickets.
Portugal is developing the biggest solar electric power station in the world.
Population was regulated not by elimination of the weak through factors like epidemics or starvation, but by instinctive control mechanisms.
Popular modeling techniques include Object-Oriented Analysis and Design OOAD and Model-Driven Architecture MDA.
Popping out of the egg after an incubation period of twelve days.
Polymer remain to stiff because each the component of positive bermuatan so that each other refusing to refuse, like hair standing if given by static electricity.
Polymer is a unit which re-occurs in a chemical compound, in simple logic it analoguos to sheets of paper in children?s toys.
Polymer back parts in fact only low bermuatan, but last for penetrating bacterium cell wall.
Polution rate decreases 50% during that world event, while in August it decreases up to  45%
Political will from every party must be high.
Polish doctors also informed the conference that bee resin helps to cure many diseases such as haemorrhoids, skin problems, gynaecological diseases and many other disorders.
Police disappeared sea weed
Polar bear has attracted world sympathy because it is pictured as species that suffered the most of climate change impact.
Poison exertion from human body through metabolism process, but the metabolism process actually produces free radical.
Pluto diameter is about 2360 kilometers and much more deferent from the nearest planet like Earth, Mars, Saturn, and even Jupiter.
PLTA lies in dam, PLTU lies adjucent to earth heat sources of gas and steam producers, and etc.
Playing game causes children?s brain do not grow as supposed to be, even might cause concentration disorder.
Plastic raw material polyistiren is made from crude oil and much used in producing diposable plastic products.
Plastic is an electric isolator.
Plastic has varied mechanic strengths and varied temperature resistance as well as chemical resistance.
Plastic has more advantages than other materials.
Plastic and Citrus Peels
Plasma scene is really amazing, because you can attend elephant on the space amazingly
Plasma is a clear yellowish fluid, which comprises 5% of the normal body weight.
Plants produce certain compound to protect them from fungi, insects, and animals including human.
plants animals mushrons, microbas and bacterial are form of life known by people
Plant does not have certain gland that produce hormone.
Pirolisis product are solid and liquid fluida  in the form of carbon or ash
Pirolisis process yield the product in the form of solid fuel, that is a carbon, dilution of mixture tar and  others.
Pirolisis or refered as thermolisis is chemical decomposition process by using warm-up without oxigen.
Pirolisis is the materials decomposition organic process by using heat without oxigen
Pikaia emerged at the same time as all the other species in the phylum which could be proposed as its ancestor, and with no intermediate forms between them.
Pierre-Paul Grass, former president of the French Academy of Sciences, is quite clear on this point in a comment he made about mutations.
Pierre-Paul Grass, a well-known French zoologist and critic of Darwinism, has these words to say in Evolution and Natural Selection, a chapter of his book The Evolution of Living Organisms.
Pierre-Paul Grass states the following about the unchanging nature of bacteria, a fact which invalidates evolution.
Physicians usually write books about row theory
Physically it looks like a toy military tank which could rotate 360 degrees
Physical Obstacles to Transition from Water to Land.
Phyla are further divided into subgroups.
Photo oxidation causes very toxic lipid peroxide for retina.
Phosphor burn-in can be gradually removed on damaged CRT displays by displaying an all white screen with brightness & contrast turned up full. This is a slow procedure, and is usually effective.
Phone cellular feature was exactly like projector
Phillip Johnson, a professor at the University of California at Berkeley who is also one of the world's foremost critics of Darwinism, describes the contradiction between this paleontological truth and Darwinism.
Peter Forey, an evolutionary paleontologist, says in an article of his in Nature.
Personal computers, in various forms, are icons of the Information Age and are what most people think of as a computer; however, the most common form of computer in use today is the embedded computer.
Periodic change of the colour scheme in use also helps.
Perfect Transportation System.
Perfect Flight Techniques.
Per example in Cool War, the roles of scientists in creating high standard technology could be denied.
Pepsis are not affected by the strong poison of the tarantula owing to that special secretion in their body.
People with sickle cell anemia suffer increasing respiratory difficulties for this reason.
People want secure system but they do not want to watch how the system works
People that always to work with powerful laptop, for instance for graphic or game program, will find this laptop is not a suitable option.
People often use oil lamps and water washbasin to catch insects.
People often forget that in this digitalization era digital security becomes crucial, it is like we try to secure the money in our wallets, he explained.
People of Banaran village, Kalijambe subdistrict took less than 5 minutes to renew their ID cards.
People can even go shopping without taking out money or credit cards.
People are more careful in using computer in open areas, they are also careful in using credit card and record each transaction orderly and keep  its transaction invoice
Penguins incubate during the polar winter.
pegeon's brain is very amazing
pegeons are able to memorize 800 to 1.200 pictures and the keep memorizing them at least in a year
Peeling onions no need to tear because of the gas from the onions.
PC desktop can be bought every where.
Paypal is the biggest online transaction system which uses e-mail as an accout.
Payment of zakat, infaq and shadaqah can now be done conveniently via online services.
Patten life and pollution concidered to be stimulator.
Patients with advanced haemophilia unfortunately do not survive too long.
Patient that experience dream is an indicator that use of the laughing gas is too high.
Passing through any one of these tunnels requires permission.
Passing fische-tropsch process, gas as a result of gasification can be extract to methanol
Parts of the participants are 20 - 35 years old and have real action concept or solution in coping climate change and environmentally sound.
Particularly, his left side body.
Part of the fingerprints usually is chemical residual component obtained in human?s skin and also chemical residual component of something which has been touched frequently by fingers.
Paper white was also in use, which was a warm white.
panoramic sight from thousands of lenses.
panchronic species was living fossils that remain unchanged for millions of years.
Panasonic releases the product after a success in selling 103 inches plasma television in total of 3,000 units.
Panasonic is recognized as producer with variant electronic equipment that produced several of digital products massively. However, it is estimated will attend the affluence nuance at home.
Paleontologists, faced with a recalcitrant record obstinately refusing to yield Darwin's predicted pattern, simply looked the other way.
Paleontologist succeeded to find dinosaurs fossil which have never in the world.  
Palapa Ring itself is a government?s mega project in developing a 10,000 km underground and submarine fiber optic infrastructure as the backbone of international network in the eastern part of Indonesia.
Page and Brin now each own a wealth of around USD 19 billions.
Paddy culture with ratooning system is not advised because it can encourage and stimulate pest attack or plant disease outbreaks.
Ozone will get perforated  due to the very cool temperatur in a certain height including pollutions from certain substances as chemical compounds frequently used in refrigerators, plastic packages and aerosol sprays
Oxygen-carbon dioxide exchange takes place here.
Oxygen is carried in the blood by haemoglobin which is stored in the red blood cells.
Oxygen in electron transport system receives 1 electron and creates super oxide.
Oxidative stress is a condition where the amount of free radicals in human body excesses the body?s capacity to neutralize it.
Oxidative stress can be prevented and reduced by sufficient and optimum anti oxidant inputs into the body.
Oxidative effect of free radicals can cause inflammation and early aging.
Owing to this divided structure, the wings of the animal are not torn and they resist air pressure.
Overtime battery recharging is risky to generate explosion.
Overall before 1900 the industry was an art equipped with secret formulas protected heavily.
Over time, more complex cells eukaryotes and multicellular organisms came into being.
Over time these changes may be significant enough to cause a new species to arise.
over the next few years, specialists produced a synthesis of their fields into a revised theory of evolution.
Over the course of its own history CBF continued to recruit trustees drawn largely from the business community interested in preserving the history of information technology.
Outside the nest, a roof - which is sloped as a protection against floods - and gutters strike the eye.
Outside Japan, Space Cube will be sold by a company named Star Dundee.
output: Display data on the screen or send data to a file or other device.
Outerspace telescope has caught big collision image between two families of galaxy which describes black mysterious material in the universe.
Outer space crew mission would be launched by China was the third for that country
Outer membrane of nucleus connected with endoplasm reticulum which is rough and has many rybozomes.
Out of seventeen x-ray induced eye colour mutations in the fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster, fourteen affected the shape of the sex organs of the female, a characteristic that one would have thought was quite unrelated to eye colour.
Out of 16 new products, 12 products are designed for laptop and new desktop product, whereas the rest for server.
Our research shows us that things.
Our most important finding was the giant complete skull of ancient cat namely Homotherium since this type of animal had never been discovered in the South America regions.
Our intention in introducing the esia?s hidayah cellular phone was to position technology as a part of lifestyle consisting of religious values and therefore it would be advantageous for human life.
Our findings support a hypotheses which assumed that snore has relation to chronic bronchitis
Our effort to innovate the communication with the satellite was not success well
Our country receives solar energy of 2,500 kW per hour every year.
Our application will be tried out in Cigading port, which is managed by PT Krakatau Bandar Samudra.
Otherwise, the creature could not survive but would become extinct.
Otherwise, lighting producer organ in firefly released about 100 percent lights energy
Otherwise, it would suckle milk with an ingredient likely to be harmful to its body, and the milk it suckles would harm it.
Otherwise, it would not be possible for thousands of unconscious animals to accomplish such a hard and complicated operation, which needs control and supervision from one centre.
Otherwise, it is impossible to explain how it could prepare for this job six months in advance, or know the nature of this complex chemical process.
Otherwise, it is by no means possible to explain the presence of the antidote in the wasp?s body against the poison of the tarantula, or its secreting a fluid that paralyses the tarantula.
Otherwise, despite having the chance to reproduce, most animals would not attempt it.
Otherwise three is no team which able to reach the Govinda, the team which collect the highest point in three minutes is decide as a winner.
Otherwise they would break and not be able to carry it, which could mean that the larva could fall into the water and perish.
Otherwise benign bugs may sometimes may be harnessed for malicious intent by an unscrupulous user writing an exploit   code designed to take advantage of a bug and disrupt a program's proper execution.
Otherwise all the blood of the creature could coagulate and cause its death, which is why the clot should form at the right time at the right place.
Others, the expensive prize of the lumen unit make the society chosen the way of lighting use to fluorescent lamp and neon also.
Others the digital recipe needn?t be burned, where as this is a rule of paper recipe form.
Others migrate over long distances to very specific places in the world.
Other specialised proteins within the cells convert elements such as 11-cis-retinal, rhodopsin and transducin back to their original states.
Other sky object with equal orbit is Sedna, a small planet like Pluto discovered in 2003.
Other robot be able to take earthen ware cooking pot which content of cheese ball to put  into basket ball.
Other mummies are believed as in childe and teen ages
Other hunting birds use thermals as well.
Other females also help the young dolphins during rapid dives, by pushing them down.
Other factor that complicated the issue was the past experience of Iran-US relation and the issue of the Middle East which was related to Israel and Palestina.
Other compound that can substitute vitamin E is flavonoid.
Other compound is karotenoid. The United States noted down the prostate cancer as the second cause of death after lung cancer in the country.
Other Characteristics Of Honey Comb Cells.
Other benefits of honey may be described as below.
Other arrangements are possible, but are usually not seen outside of specialized applications or historical contexts.
OSS was then also used in Media Center of Central KPU, Public Communication Center, and information and news network transmission system of the 2004 General Election in Radio Republik Indonesia-which was online to 55 stations around Indonesia.
Osram lamp, have age 8 thousand time, while vivid lamp can hold out till 60 thousand time.
Ortho form cannot be prepared in pure form.
Ornithologists have observed that under such circumstances, birds spread their wings as wide as possible and so cool down by resting in this manner.
Originally, the term computer referred to a person who performed numerical calculations a human computer, often with the aid of a mechanical calculating device.
Organization in companies should focus on user productivity, business agility, and platform flexibility, said Tony Chen, President Director of PT Microsoft Indonesia.
Organisms undergoing mutation developed some unusual structures, which deviated from the genetic information they inherited from their parents.
Organisms either appeared on the earth fully developed or they did not.
Organic material laid undercarriage because owning weight larger compared by gas that fill at chamber.
Orangutan is a specific consumer and 60 percents of its food is fruit.
Orangutan conservation becomes the icon of solution to overcome climate change.
Orangutan also shares the same fate, but not because of global warming, by poaching and habitat loss due to illegal logging.
Or, was it because it had night vision.
Or, other wise they have to warp it with the plastic and bring it in their bag, not in baggage.  
Or with several necessities to ensure that the same freedom still can be enjoyed by next users.
Or usually stimulating agent required by body to produce anti oxidant is not consumed sufficiently.
Or there should have existed some reptile/bird creatures, which had acquired some avian traits in addition to the reptilian traits they already possessed.
Or the big violin family, violin alto, cello, and contrabass which have the same model but different size measure high and the tone
Or rather, have coincidences accumulated and given the fish such a feature.
Or other samples including isoflavon which is much found in soy, ginseng, fruits and vegetables can minimize the risks of breast cancer.
Or it can be placed vertically on the table.
Optimal efficiency could be reached when the wave in normal cord .
Operating units are assembled to do various requirement of chemical synthesis or separation process.
Open Office becomes an important part of office application, whereas Firefox is the favorite of internet users.
Only the valid receiver knowing the other message.
Only the relative proportions of the existing moth varieties in the population changed.
Only the Creator of termites could have designed such a perfect colony life and given constituent termite groups distinct responsibilities.
Only since Darwin's time has the fossil record revealed that life suddenly emerged in the Cambrian Age, and that trilobites and other invertebrates came into being all at once.
Only paleontology can provide them with the evidence of evolution and reveal its course or mechanisms.
Only low frequencies RFID can be used freely without any license or permit.
Only in a short time after the theory conveyed, other antioksidant endogen enxyms were discovered such as peroxidase glutation and catalase which converted peroxidase hydrogen to water and oxygen.
Only by giving additional Rhizoma BTCC-B 64 bacteria, the soybean harvest results could increase up to 100 percent compared to un-added bacteria
Only birds with high social interaction that can recognize the shadows behind mirror.
Only access holders can gain access.
Only a perfect design allows wings to function, a half-way developed wing cannot function.
Only 37 percents that could support virtualization through accelerated growth and 35 percents through competitive profit.
Only 0.028 g of some snakes? venom is strong enough to kill 125,000 rats.
One which becomes the prima donna first rate service is the mobile wallet program.
One way to predict volcano eruption which had done by Italian researchers was recording seismic songs
One thing that is certain, the maneuver taken by Google Apps has given birth to a revolution in thought on matters pertaining to cyber world services.
One thing Microsoft is going to do to support education is distributing free software packages to a number of universities in a program called DreamSpark.
One species which existed previously turned into something else over time, and all species have come into being in this way.
One slip and a fall means death at that point.
One side, this to minimize of risk of comfusion of recipe, but its also mean the imformation in recipe become open to the patient
One result of this is that most people think that natural history is equivalent to the concept of evolution.
One reason is because a molecule must be isolated in such a way so allowing observation.
One real PLN?s step to realize until 2009 is to build 10,000 MW coal-fired power station project.
One problem with this method is that it does not distinguish between the aspect ratios of monitors with identical diagonal sizes, in spite of the fact that a shape of a given diagonal span's area decreases as it becomes less square.
One problem with this method is that it does not distinguish between the aspect ratios of monitors with identical diagonal sizes, in spite of the fact that a shape of a given diagonal span's area decreases as it becomes less square.
One pin was used as a ground, and two pins were used for horizontal or vertical synchronization.
One out of five students surveyed believes that online love is a positive thing.
One of way to face that is through incorporation of education on information technology security into school curriculum.
One of these is the Venus plant, which catches and feeds on insects that visit it.
One of these cellular telecommunication operators has prepared an increase in the network capacity to anticipate these jumps.
One of them, Jerry Coyne, remarked.
one of them was painted with a modification of plythylemine mine and each of other was spead bacteria.
one of them loss of energy and an instrument in the other part down automatically after the strom happened
One of them is PT Toyota Astra Finance which has used version 3.0 since March 2007.
One of the winners, PT Dycode Cominfotech Development, develops a portal of sea port management, called PORTMAP.
One of the weakness of this way is depend on the accurate from experience and clock flown the doctor.
One of the ways is sending the link addresses which contain certain websiteswhich directly download files.
One of the ways is by diluting zinc metal in nitrate solution or by mixing hydroxylamine hydrochloride into natrium nitrate.
One of the visitor that came with his family bought speakers which he thought the price was cheap.
One of the uses is to manage computer network in the outer space station and to control communication with computer at ground stations owned by the Japanese Space Agency.
one of the two ships which were sent by the Hongkong authority were in a very bad condition so that it should be sent again to Taiwan
One of the tombs was peculiar as the human skeleton was put on top of seven intact animals? skeletons.
One of the tomb has similar characteristic with the female mummy
One of the techniques frequently used is fluorescence.
One of the scientist stated that the project which has been done in 2002 after Japanese scientist have succeeded to block gen which responsible.
One of the reasons, the melt down this year comes faster than before.
One of the reasons to select this solution because 30% of national electricity need so far is contributed by Suralaya coal-fired power station.
One of the polymers developed into materials for modern bulletproof vests is kevlar.
One of the most interesting of the many different species that suddenly emerged in the Cambrian Age is the now-extinct trilobites.
One of the most awaiting meeting is determined the status od UB313 which was named as Xena.
One of the main problems with user viewed from security side is because of insufficient communication or explanation in user and less-focused design on use causes the weaknesses of security.
One of the innovations is in interactive cover development using electronic inks.
One of the friends would believe that and directly transfer funds without checking whether the friend he/she was chatting with was actually his/her friend, that was the story.
One of the factors in their resistance is the chitin substance that forms their skeletons.
One of the explanation is there nerve area in one part of body which create new connection in backbone nerve then send signals to brain
One of the experiments made to address this issue is as follows: garden nightingales were subjected to experiments in a lab where internal conditions such as temperature and light could be varied.
One of the examples was when looking at plowing or kite comets.
One of the crater even has lava residues
One of the characteristics of plastic is non-degradable in soil.
One of the characteristics is having a registered membership system.
One of the causes for the growth pressure lies on the illegal softwares
One of the cause is predicted because they listen music too loud using portable music players such as MP3 or others.
One of the activities done by ethical hackers, he explained, are testing the digital security systems applied by a company, including breaking through an office in a previously-unthinkable manner
One of the actions is plastic waste recycle.
One of televisions reported Ahmadinejad congratulated for Iranian people upon the great achievement.
One of its uniqueness is having no roots beaves and and tress.
One of it is the approach on relation between the existences of hopanoid compound produced by bacteria with soil fertility level.
One of important component serving as this security system is protein.
One of human made object that fall is Delta II fuel tank in 1997
One of hepatitis C medication method is using interferon therapy.
One of five recruitment manager relies on social network sites to know more about his/her employee candidates.
One of directly combustion process example which is still used until to day is burning on sugar factory furnace
One of cryonic centre is Alcor Life Extension Foundation in Arizona which keep life organism bodies in liquid nitrogen tube at 320 Fahrenheit temperatures
One of Apollo 11astronouts, Buzz Aldrin attended the event held early in the morning at the Mojave Desert, northern of Los Angeles.
One of American top officers said the rocket fell down to earth just a while it was launched and did not reach the required position.
One of 10-year space program purposes of Iran was departing manned spacecraft to the space.
One means by which this is done is with a special signal called an interrupt which can periodically cause the computer to stop executing instructions where it was and do something else instead.
One less popular feature most of these connectors share are DRM encrypted signals.
One interesting group within the reptile class are flying reptiles.
One important factor to support the development of both fields, besides the availability of capital and large area, is controlled soil fertility level.
One hundred units of laptop was donated by Intel Indonesia to two schools in Jakarta.
One hundred tigers live outside conservation forest, so their survival will not last long.
One hundred and twenty years of paleontological research later, it has become abundantly clear that the fossil record will not confirm this part of Darwin's predictions.
One huge problem for the theory of evolution is the irreducible complexity of wings.
One ha which need about 40-50 kg seeds only need 50,000 rupiahs to add its bacteria
One fifth of the camels total body weight is stored as fat in its hump.
One feature it possesses by birth helps it solve this problem.
One faces the impossibility of the claims of evolution again when one tries by reasoning to find the origin of this miraculous transformation.
One example of the physiological gaps between these two groups is the different structures of their eggs.
One example is the lobster.
One evolutionist makes the following confession in reference to the impossibility of the evolution of wings.
One encounters an incredible design if the feather of a bird is examined under the microscope.
One can often see examples of that kind of thinking.
One can find many other similar examples of flawless design in the world of termites.
One can find further traits in the lobster's eye that nullify the assertions of evolutionists.
One can easily recognise how Allah gives sustenance to all living things once one looks around oneself conscientiously and with wisdom.
One can continue giving countless examples in illustration of the order in the creation of God.
One by one, concepts such as vestigial organs, embryological recapitulation and homology lost all significance in the light of new scientific findings.
One aspect of this development is the transgenic food.
One approach popular for requirements analysis is Use Case analysis.
Once the young have emerged, the oesophagus and the stomach both return to normal, and the female starts feeding again.
Once the pronounciaiton accomplished, then information on the hand of receiver will be forgotten and cannot be stored for a long time.
Once the nymph hatches from the egg, it lives in water for three to four years.
Once released, the bat did not lose any time in lifting the newspaper sheet and eating the caterpillars.
Once evolving to higher living creature, they can develop civilization.
Once arrive at the airport and we are asked to turn on the equipment, the laptop will be automatically on without booting.
Once a user installs the application, then he/she will be able to surf with fast search and facilities for accessing maps, Gmail, news, and other Google?s services.
Once a user enters that information, in a blink the login data is passed to other people?s hands.   
OnBase software serves to receive, transfer, manage, distribute and file information which comes in very large volume in a company.
On this occasion,Said also expressed his disappointment over the forced discontinuance of DART Deep-ocean Assesment and Reporting of Tsunamis buoy tsunami, II which was launched by BPPT and the US on September 2007, due to the acts of vandalism.
On the retina there are about hundred million cells called cones and rods.
On the previous studies have been exposed that light chocolate could protect heart, hypotension, and tired.
On the paper, or during a few hour?s try-out test, a tank indeed has capabilities which excel the ones of any other wheeled vehicles.
On the other sides, by using this service, delivery service company can focus to its core business, because does not important to invest in technology and information.
On the other side, thing that demands limited intelligence for human until now is still difficult to embodied in informatics.
On the other side, the event also indicated the weakness of Polri in managing its site so can be penetrated by that fad action.
On the other side, the demand of lubricating oil will be high.
On the other side, frekuency is show many ofter fluctuate that happened in one second
On the other hand, wing feathers have a distinct structure that enables the surface area to expand during beating in order to increase forces of up-lift.
On the other hand, there is not a single fossil evidence for the imaginary evolution of insects.
On the other hand, the organs and instincts of the larva illustrate the ?irreducible complexity? of the process.
On the other hand, the evolutionary process espoused by Darwinism is far from explaining how a single system in a fly develops.
On the other hand, pores continuously filter the air.
On the other hand, it relates with the fulfillment of energy needs of a country, and nuclear can be one alternative of energy sources.
On the other hand, it is also unlikely that butterflies decided to make their fourth generations live longer and arranged their metabolisms, DNA, and genes accordingly.
On the other hand, incidents of digital security break through is often covered up to protect the reputation of the company which has been attacked.
On the other hand, how to manage this so that nuclear utilization is not misused for weapon development.
On the other hand, fleas do not have any blood vessels.
On the other hand, examples of sacrifice observed in animals such as ants and bees display a model completely opposed to the Darwinist struggle for survival.
On the other hand, another necessity in flight is being as light as possible.
On the other hand, a computer may be programmed to do this with just a few simple instructions.
On the other animal, maturation of ovum take placed in ovarium, but at the dog, the maturation process happened when the ovum move to womb.
On the foreheads of members of a Nasutitermitinae termite family are hose-like projections that have special sacs inside.
On the equinox, the colony starts flying back to the north.
On the contrary, there is a glaring contradiction when the theory of evolution is compared to scientific findings in such diverse fields as the origin of life, population genetics, comparative anatomy, paleontology, and biochemistry.
On the contrary, the caterpillar was about 3/16-inch 0,5 cm to 3/8-inch 1 cm closer to the bat than was the ground.
On the contrary, some living things lack such affection and abandon their offspring as soon as they bring them into the world.
On the contrary, only one group of the crustaceans, namely the long-bodied decapods, have reflecting eyes.
On the contrary, natural selection should eliminate any creature which underwent preadaptation, since acquiring traits which would enable it to survive on land would surely place it at a disadvantage in the sea.
On the contrary, materials in the blood should not enter the tissues of the brain uncontrolled, since unwanted substances can severely damage nerve cells neurons.
on the contrary, it will just cause the animal to lose its forelegs.
On the contrary, it is obvious that all of them have been created and given to us by our Creator.
On the contrary, if rate of patient?s HCV-RNA do not descent its means that, interferon therapy  do not effective.
On the contrary, comparisons between amphibians and reptiles reveal that there are huge physiological gaps between the two, and a half reptile-half amphibian would have no chance of survival.
On the contrary, all distinct classes of fish emerged in the fossil record all of a sudden and fully-formed.
On the contrary,  the researcher of computing area is not conjuror capable to make a magical diviner method.
On the body of fish, there are electrical sensors that continuously detect the field just as do radar.
on the bacterial case, the scientist predicted that polymer tear last bacterial cell's wall and it's contains
On that occasion, special awards were also given.  Besides selected as the best participant, Nitin Jatin was also the best in the practice.
On September and December, road-shows to state schools will be launched to provide education about robot.
On reading The Origin of Species, I found that Darwin was much less sure himself than he is often represented to be.
On only in the real world, their competitions also encroaches game world.
On one corner of the same room, a fly was placed as a prey for the bat.
On of report about bioterorisme, attack in 6 century pre Christian, when asirian army poisoned the well?s anemy by ergot a kind of fungine of producing poison which is found at rogge or kind of wheat.
On next two years, Clayton said that there will be about thirty investment chance of Wave Electric Power Station
On last September the world would admire a building nearby the Olympic Village, i.e. the Science and Technology Museum of China.
On land, the temperature can change quickly, and fluctuates over a wide range.
On earth, hydrogen is found as water in which the atoms are bonded with oxygen atoms.
On each side of the lower jaw is a thin bony area, which is in contact with a lipid material.
On December 14 th, China's dialy people reported there was radio communication the distrubtion in most chinese teritories.
On contrary, in birds, air flow is unidirectional.
On condition that, he equipment which able to detect is not given mark jet, said Arief.
On both sides of the animal's head are pocket-like openings.
On average, there is 1,32 gallons 5 litres of blood in the body of a human weighing 132 pounds 60 kilograms.
On average, a creature's metabolism doubles as the body temperature increases by 500F 100C.
On a typical personal computer, peripherals include input devices like the keyboard and mouse, and output devices such as the display and printer.
On a hot day, bees can easily be observed ventilating the hive.
Old subject with low lutein and zeaxanthine concentrations had low vision sensitiveness.
Oksidative stress is the imbalance between free radical and the antiioksidant triggered by two common conditions, that is, the lact of antioksidant and the production residue of free radical.
Oil deposit in Indonesia is only sufficient for 18 years to come.
Oftenly patenting process an invention is more difficult than its reserach.
Often, though, they collaborate with subject matter experts SMEs, such as engineers.
Often, the design of moving systems is much more challenging to designers than stationary structural systems.
Often, I/O devices are complex computers in their own right with their own CPU and memory.
Often the species concerned have remained practically unchanged for hundreds of centuries.
Often a data warehouse is specially rented to accommodate those paper sheets of data archives.
Officials in Sragen were sent to take computer and English language courses.
Of they had implemented the project, 89 percents among them expected to be able to virtualize their technology by 2010.
Of these 1.5 million species, 1 million are insects.
Of that amount, around 81 percents originates from fuel combustion, such as petroleum, coal, and natural gas.
Of course, the reliogions in the world curse embryo application for therapy
Of course, the Conroy plan have critic from various circle because of deemed to break freedom principle in the illusion world. That policy is similar to the steps was taken by Chineses government who done censor by doing restriction regulation and caught the disobedient people
Of course, other random mutations occurring concurrently, incredible as it may seem, were responsible for the gradual origin of the wing membrane, flight muscles, tendons, nerves, blood vessels, and other structures necessary to form the wings.
Of course, nobody thinks that these pieces have been coincidentally brought to their precise locations by winds, quakes or floods.
Of course, a circus dolphin and a therapy dolphin have a different way to coach them.
Of course this assumption  misleade
Of course bass sound felt to float
Of corse we make preparation to anticipate this satellite falls
Of all these, there is still one group called suicice hackers or suicide group.
Of about 3 cm cubic of the Mars? soil samples taken, there were only a half of them put into rooms of TEGA toaster.
Of 145 anatomical features that could be compared between these two genera, 91 showed changes associated with adaptation to life on land.
Of 11 thousands telecommunication towers that we own, around seven thousands we will share its resources to be used by other operators.
Octopuses also utilise this system.
oCRAFT can also be used internally and for company intranets.
Obviously, the Monarchs were created possessing such features.
Obviously the creature could not fly, and he could no longer run.
OBU?s platform consists of a sensor for recording pressure, baterries, a computerized data processing device, and a modern acoustic data signal transmitter which sends data to the surface sensor.
Observing the full lunar eclipse from a city crowd
Observing a molecule is a difficult matter.
Obama intended to issue new policies relating to environment.
Nutrients have to cross from the arteries through the artery wall, in order to penetrate into the necessary tissues.
Numerous armoured plates with limited movement form this outer skeleton, which absorbs and eliminates the shock of jumping.
Nucleus pore is like a tunnel located at nucleus membrane that functions to connect nucleoplasm with cytosol.
Nucleus pore is composed of 4 subunits, i.e. column subunit, anular subunit, luminal subunit, and ring subunit.
Nucleus is the first organel found, described for the first time by Franz Bauer in 1802 and elaborated more detail by the Scottish botanist, Robert Brown in 1831.
Nucleus contents are not uniform and have several subnucleus bodies formed from unique proteins, RNA molecules, and DNA cluster.
Nucleus also functions to regulate when and where genes expressions should be started, executed, and ended.
Nuclear technology can be developed to become an alternative energy and can be utilized as electrical energy, so it can become a competitive contributor to other sources of electrical energy such as coal, oil, gas, water. etc.
Nuclear reactor is grouped based on the reactor used.
NPT signals the presence of such a strong determination on the use of nuclear technology for peaceful or civil purposes.
Nowadays, they are circuiting Mount Tungurahua melody in Ecuador which has just erupted
Nowadays, modern tanks have many sophisticated equipment to help improve their acuracy.
Nowadays, BPPT is developing system which able to increase Indonesia food quality.
Nowadays, apiculture and bee products have opened a new branch for research in countries advanced in science.
Nowadays in the US promotion has began of insects as protein sources.
Now, YouTube adds picture explanation and allows anybody that uploads video to add picture explanation.
Now, Wordpress also makes flexibility to appear as a news portal.
Now, we know Mercurius is not similar to Moon
Now, those amputated can use the artificial arms which are as strong as the originals.
Now, the targets were users of Yahoo and Yahoo Messenger accounts, which are usually used for online conversation or chatting.
Now, the scientists team is expanding the next research
Now, rubidium is considered as the 16th element most common to find in the earth?s crust.
Now, Panasonic electrival company introduces plasma television screen considered to be the largest in the world.
Now, let us contemplate this striking system.
Now, he said, the tariff scheme is under finalization stage after seeking of inputs from cellular operators.
Now, after almost a decade, this business gap is being worked on.
Now we have no more problem in contacting anyone, thing that we experience when using PBX.
Now we can know if anti oxidant is required for health.
Now we are discussing this issue with Microsoft.
Now this subscription model is affordable, starting from Rp. 100 thousand per month with speed 256 kilobytes per second up to millions Rupiah with speed megabytes per second.
Now the traffic or the number of web visitors is stealing more attention to website buyers.
Now the sound greetings becomes an electrical signal, which quickly travels to the brain through the auditory nerves.
Now the signal has to be carried to the brain.
Now the service of wide band internet are varied, from cable-based, such as Telkom Speedy and other operators, up to via cellular, such as Internet 3G and 3.5 G from cellular operators.
Now the Microsoft Internet Explorer browser is firmly dominating by controlling approximately 74% of the market segment of internet online users.
Now the Google search engine service has been used by more than 650 million people, besides other service such as YouTube, Maps, and Gmail.
Now the goal for the larva is to tunnel down about 10-12 inches 25-30 centimetres under the ground.
Now that the black box of vision has been opened, it is no longer enough for an evolutionary explanation of that power to consider only the anatomical structures of whole eyes, as Darwin did in the nineteenth century and as popularizers of evolution continue to do today.
Now telecommunication service via Telkom Flexi is more varied with FlexiCash as the new value added service.
Now Motitoi Lake has lost all its accesses to the sea nearby, as the result Satonda salt water are higher in alkalinity, pH and carbonate mineral saturation than the nearby seawater.
Now mobile equipment users in the world have reached four billions units or four times more than the number of PC in the world.
Now laptop has became a good friend accompanying its owner wherever goes.
Now it is time for the gnat to suck blood.
Now it is found that free radicals play role in various diseases occurrences.
Now it is common to insure laptop, moreover if the laptop is expensive and the favourite stuff.
Now ISE control an average accumulative total transaction value of Rp. 2,400 trillions.
Now imagine, if all the dices are thrown simultaneously.
Now he returns the greeting.
Now Google is also trying to add its financial pocket through YouTube as the second largest source of income.
Now earth recording from space generally use digital camera.
Now day?s medicine products have progressively.
Now day, if the people ear phone a small thing threaded to ear, the only ear can heard without body
Now artificial kidney appears smaller and lighter than the previous ones.
Now artificial intelligence system is frequently used in economic, medicine, technique and military, such as development of several home computer software application and video game.
November 26, 2007 edition of Newsweek highlighted that interesting heading in its cover.
Not yet is heard the thunder, harder again
Not to show off on doing oration, but fighting using kungfu style.
Not to be confused, IAU will hold a meeting in Praha,Ceko to define the status of Pluto.
Not surprisingly, no useful mutation has been so far observed.
Not really.
Not only Yahoo login data, it could be any login data.
Not only the e-mail facility, Gmail, but also one which is so popular now, Google Apps.
Not only that, the used soybean planted field become more fertile to be planted the other plants
Not only that, the robot could also turn its position for 500 times per second.
Not only that, the lake which was also known as the Blue Eye of Siberia become the house for about 1700 species of plants and  animals.
Not only that, biotechnology also enable us to design compatible vaccine to certain disease, said Arief.
Not only planet temperature that triggering ice mount discharge but also soil layer that frosting.
Not only offering new technologies, the producer also offers discounted prices during the event.
Not only in Indonesia but a mount forest in USA  was also fire.
Not only in chemical industry, but also in other industries, such as health and agriculture.
Not only from paypalupdate.com, like the one in the example above, but also there are tens of  disturber websites.
Not only food products, the two students of Chemical Engineering of ITS Surabaya also carried a work called WEL-T.
Not only difficult to make box or its case but also it is scrambling surely place with the house furniture
Not only companies, community websites, governments, private, no-profit, and private website also pay attention to news portal.
Not many obstacles he faced, as each participant was only required to draw a postcard promoting him/herself in four hour?s time.
Not long after Microsoft released Internet Explorer 8 version beta 2, Google disclosed the web browser developed.
Not like the rings of Saturnus planet which are soft, wide, and shaping full ring, partial rings tend to be rough, disperse, and shaping half circle like bows.
Not just the fourth finger, but the whole structure of the wing, must have developed with chance mutations, and this whole process would have had to bring some advantage to the creature.
Not far from that location, OBU was placed at the maximum distance of 500 meters.
Not all polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons are carcinogen.
Not all carcinogens are synthetic chemical ingredients.
Not all carcinogens are aromatic compounds.
Not a single detail is overlooked.
Norman Macbeth, who disproved Darwinism in his book Darwin Retried, states.
Normally, documentalists are trained or have a background in both a specific subject and in the field of documentation today information science.
Normal hydrogen at room temperature consists of 25% para-hydrogen and 75% ortho-hydrogen.
Nor is the problem a miserably poor record.
Nor does the fossil record provide any evidence to confirm the evolutionist hypothesis regarding the origin of reptiles.
Nonetheless, they are not able to provide any conclusive answers to fundamental questions such as: how did the first insect develop wings, take flight or keep suspended in the air.
Non-dilutable cytoplasm includes organel and cytoskeleton.
Nokia itself still produces the old type of celluar phones though they are small in number.
Nobody, seeing it at a glance, would feel suspicious receiving that e-mail.
Nobody thought that this species was able to live at the epoch.
Nobody knows how to explain these phenomena.
Nobody can guess when the fungi would appear.
No, it does this without seeing.
No one has ever produced a species by the mechanisms of natural selection.
No one has ever got near it, and most of the current argument in neo-Darwinism is about this question.
No one denies that selection will play a negative role in eliminating the unfit.
no mutations of any kind have been observed that are actually useful that is, that improve the genetic information.
No matter what, when human reaches old stage, most of proliferation process will stop.
No matter what the results, extra weight has to be done away with.
No matter how slippery or uninviting the surface, it can land successfully anywhere.
No matter how powerful, no land creature can take off from the ground due to its heavy and relatively segmented skeletal structure.
No matter how often you mate different breeds of dogs or horses, the end result will still be dogs or horses, with no new species emerging.
No matter how much the cows that Darwin saw in England's animal fairs bred, the species itself would never change.
No matter how much concrete evidence is provided, some readers may be unwilling to abandon their positions, and will continue to adhere to the theory of evolution.
No matter how big data you send or received, time quota is the determinant.
No matter at what speed or direction it is already moving, it can immediately stop and start flying in the opposite direction.
No lung in any other vertebrate species is known which in any way approaches the avian system.
No human designer can design something that they have never seen or never known.
No half-winged creature has ever been encountered in the fossil record.
No fossils are known that document the origin of jawed vertebrates.
No fossil evidence exists of any pro-avis.
No fossil amphibian seems clearly ancestral to the lineage of fully terrestrial vertebrates.
No format is changed, we even add a feature and functionality for image technology so that data can be opened and seen from anywhere as it is, for example, the data accounts payable.
No experience to lead RT neighborhood, they want to lead the country? What kind of joke this one he/she wrote in English.
No evolutionary biologist would ever advocate such a chain of mutations.
No earlier forms of ichthyosaurs are known.
No doubt, the offspring cannot leave its mother in such a state.
No doubt, not only the structure of the snout, but all the features of the dolphin are ideal, because each one of them is the work of Allah Who is the Maker.
No doubt, neither the eggs, nor the larvae, nor the mother gnat is aware of the processes behind the colour changes during the gnat?s different developmental stages.
No doubt, all the features the living things possess bring us face to face with a single reality: the existence of the owner of the superior wisdom and design prevailing in nature, the existence of Allah.
No creature without lungs can live for even a few minutes.
No creature with such a superior power and wisdom exists in nature.
No coincidental process can explain an intricate design.
Nitrite Oxide was also in human body played the role to maintain blood pressure by widely blood vessel, helped body immunity system to kill diseases bacteria and sent signals among brain neuron cells
NFU was committed to convince the world that breeding field is the part of the climite change, not the  part of the problem
Next, those vibrations stimulate feverish
Next, satelitte tracking and RFID, like Global Positioning System, are useful for monitoring street routes that will be taken in delivering goods.
Next November, the design work will be sent to Malaysia to compete with the works of participants from the other 9 nations.
Newton?s law of gravitation states that the force of the gravitational attraction between objects depends on their masses and the distance between them.
News portal category is an easily made website because there are various free softwaresavailable for making interactive websites
Newly born dolphins are also taught how to hunt and use their echolocation sonar, which is an educational process continuing for years.
Newer tanks such as Germany?s Leopard tanks have multi fuel combustion engines that can take diesel, gasoline and other fuels.
Newer connectors are being made which have digital only video signals.
New York firemen add a substance called Yolioks, which is similar to the viscous gelatinous substance produced by the blue trout, to the tank water of their vehicles.
New players will start with prices of only hundreds of thousand up to millions rupiahs.
new family for Rafflesia Arnoldi
New factories can be built closed to sea to allow electrolysis process of seawater to produce hydrogen.
New attacks appear greatly and make changes in the internet system
New air comes in one end, and the used air goes out the other end.
Nevetheless, the launching second was not broadcasted.
Nevertherless, It was known that some companies had been invited to have cooperation such Twitter, Toshiba, Samsung, eBay, CBS, Blockbusters, and Disney
Nevertheless, we do not develop this network in all regions, we look at their needs, especially because we also have already had HSDPA network,  said Suhenri Naswil, StarOne?s Fixed Brand Management.
Nevertheless, this leads to the real question: if they do not have any air in their lungs how do they not suffocate due to lack of oxygen? The answer to this question lies with the ?myoglobin? protein that is found in their muscle tissue in high proportions.
Nevertheless, this is never a problem for the bat because it adjusts the frequency of sounds that it sends towards moving objects as if it knows about the Doppler Effect.
Nevertheless, this device has not yet materialized.
Nevertheless, there is a possibility that the information is also distributed to some other mass media like newpaper, television, and radio as well.
Nevertheless, the trend changes gradually and increases.
Nevertheless, the motivation he got from his lecturers also played a role.
Nevertheless, the logistics of tank movement is not easy.
Nevertheless, the innovative test was not originally resulted by the researcher team of Intel.
Nevertheless, the flawless design of insect wings leaves no room for coincidence.
Nevertheless, the e-book technology still has to be introduced, regardless of what responses the society gives back.
Nevertheless, the answer has to be examined to fully appreciate the extraordinary design of the eye.
Nevertheless, such a scenario is illogical even when viewed from the standpoint of the theory of evolution.
Nevertheless, none of these changes influenced the growth of long term ice layers in Greenland.
Nevertheless, as a whole, during the first semested of this year, the number of units sold out decreased 5,2 percents became only 24,92 million units of handsets.
Nevertheless Posman reminded that the public should take precautions when selecting insects to be consumed.
Nevertheles, we were still waiting for official announcement from related parties.
Nevertheles, US government is predicted will prepare missiles to destroy the satellite in the air
Nevertheles, the number of units produced today are not as many as those in the previous years since the market gets decreased significantly.
Neutron generated from fission reaction has high energy and the energy must be lowered down or slowed down using moderator, so chain reactions can be guaranteed.
Neuromotor prosthesis is silicon chip with 100 electrodas inside it.
Neuromotor prosthesis consists of two parts.
Nerves carry the impulses to the brain and seeing happens there.
Nerve cells neurons stimulated by retinal molecules show a chemical reaction as well.
NEO program usually researched the possibility thing or object like comet and asteroid potentially crash the earth
Neither the bird itself nor a coincidence can add an extremely advanced compass to the body.
Neither natural selection nor mutations can cause different species to evolve into one another, and the claim that they can is completely unfounded.
Neither limonene oxides nor carbon dioxide could form polymer by itself, but they have to be mixed to make the expected products.
Neighbouring cells on the retina, however, receive stronger intensities of light reflected from the forehead of his friend.
Negative ions of carboran acid is a very weak base, weaker than fluorosulphate ions.
Needless to say, a process that leaves people disabled or sick cannot be an evolutionary mechanism evolution is supposed to produce forms that are better fitted to survive.
Nearly all the known cases of mutations disable or harm these creatures and the rest are neutral in effect.
Nearly all organisms in the Cambrian period were invertebrates, and tens of thousands of fossil examples of these species have been collected.
Nearly all modern computers implement some form of the stored program architecture, making it the single trait by which the word computer is now defined.
Nearly 60% of the weight if an insect consists of protein.
Nature is one of the pieces of evidence for this.
Nature is a name given to the entire order we see around us.
Nature harmonious life style should receive attention of public and governments in the world, as an effort to reduce global warming which is the major cause of climate change.
Nature harmonious life style is also implemented by replacing shopping bag from plastic material to clothes or other organic material.
Naturally, all of this cannot be explained by coincidence and can only be a sure sign of how flawlessly God created the bat.
Naturalists must remember that the process of evolution is revealed only through fossil forms.
Natural selection selects the favorable traits.
Natural selection is based on the assumption that in nature there is a constant struggle for survival.
Natural selection cannot develop a species' genetic data; therefore, it cannot be used to account for the emergence of new species.
Natural history reveals that different classes of life emerged on the earth not through any evolutionary process, but all at once, and with all their complex structures fully developed right from the start.
Natural history museums in most countries are under the control of materialist evolutionary biologists, and it is they who describe the exhibits in them.
Natural gas used originates from the United States of America.
Natural gas is sufficient until 61 years.
National security transportation council found that the fire caused by some battery of notebook in passenger bag.
National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency or sold commercially to individual.
Nasa will use this technology on the mission of 2020 after RISD's researchers are successful in their experiments
NASA will reschedule for launching Atlantis spaceship by next June, after being delayed for almost three months.
NASA will launch Atlantis Space ship in June.
Nasa wants a house that could be lived on by four people for two with a 24-hour  sunlight access.
NASA up to now is still trying to fix and identify whether the tank can be used or changed with another tank.
NASA seemed very careful to refly its spaceship, after the experience of explosion of its spaceship Colombia in 2003 which killed its seven astronauts.
NASA said DEPHTX will explore dark deep soil samples water for two week morde to do navigation test.
NASA researchers say meteorid collision to surfaces of Saturnus? moons may release the particles forming the ring.
NASA laboratory which focused on the closest space object to earth founded that on this 30 January, a asteroid named 2007 WDS will crash Mars with probability 1: 10.000
NASA is observing Jpiter?s  moon called Europa.
NASA has an uninvited virus
NASA gets an uninvited virus that enters through the computer link
NASA announced that they would launch the space ship in June.
Narrow viewing angle screens are used in some security conscious applications.
Nanotextile and nanoceramic, he/she says, are parts of the first generation, meanwhile some develop countries have started to develop the third generation of nano technology.
Nanotechnology, he said, can arrange carbon atoms or molecules contained in coal and graphite to make shiny diamonds.
Nano technology applied on nanotextile fibers will make washing clothes unnecessary as clothes will be resitant to dirt, smell, and bacteria.
Nano material in powder form, for example 1 nano per billion meter ZnO coated on fibers can make textile to possess nano character.
Named by fixing dome because its looking like dome and this part represent the motion less gas compiler
Nagle?s cortex motor work well although the accident which broke his back bone nerves has been a long time .
Nagle said that he could be independent in doing some works.
Mystery behind Bulletproof Vests
My own reaction resembles the dismay attending my discovery, at the age of six, that it was my father and not Santa who brought the presents on Christmas Eve.
My life path has indeed taken me to become a taxonomist of Agaricales fungi.
My boss has been selling websites for a long time, sometimes he/she buys unfinished websites to have them developed with contents, when the websites are finished, he/she sells them, said he.
Mutations, moreover, occur very seldom.
Mutations, in time, occur incoherently.
Mutations were defects that occurred, for unknown reasons, in the inheritance mechanism of living things.
Mutations cannot make a living thing acquire a new organ or a new trait.
Mutations are defined as breaks or replacements taking place in the DNA molecule, which is found in the nuclei of the cells of a living organism and which contains all its genetic information.
Mutations add no new information to an organism's DNA.
Mutation, which evolutionists frequently hide behind, is not a magic wand that transforms living organisms into a more advanced and perfect form.
Mutation is arbitrary disconnections, dislocations or shifts of genes in living things.
Mutation cannot explain the differences between birds and land animals.
Must be disappointed to watch YouTube videos and can not understand what the actors say that accidentally do not speak in English or Indonesia.
Musical point of view, we probably could see the song similarities to volcano activities
Mujana, the village master of Sumbercangkring promised to protect the artifacts, including several other artifacts previously found by local people.
Much to the observers' astonishment, the bat completed its journey without tripping over a single obstacle.
Mthew Nagle is s scientist helping the study to become the object of the experiment.
Mouse of engineering product  which born with Hox1 could breath and control its face muscles because it had part of those genes
Mount height decrease.
Motorola plans to produce cellular phones powered by hydrogen fuel cell.
Motorola has installed the hydrogen fuel cell technology, without changing the size and shape of the handset.
Motorola and IBM developed and manufactured the chips for the former PowerPC based Apple laptops.
Motivation of the creation was merely for sensation or notoriety seeking.
Motitoi Lake is a crater lake with alkaline water and maximum depth of 69 meters, and total area of 77 hectares.
Mothers start to nurse their young immediately after birth.
Most of us, due to the strong influx of information that we want to absorb, tend to choose simple passwords, such as the name of a wife or a child, date of birth, etc. which are easily guessed.
Most of these fungi play very important ecological roles in the tropival forests as they belong to the saphrofit fungi which decompose leave manure and decayed wood.
Most of them wage tariff war in the operation  of sound communication, starting from cheap cellular phone set packages up to the facilities of use outside the coverage area, similar to that enjoyed by full cellular phones.  
Most of them reproduce by laying eggs.
Most of the victims are black people
Most of the time, this warning is powerful enough to discourage the opponent.
Most of the time, they cause so much damage and modification that the cell cannot repair them.
Most of the time, its colour fits the surroundings perfectly.
Most of the creatures in this layer have complex systems and advanced structures, such as eyes, gills, and circulatory systems, exactly the same as those in modern specimens.
Most of stars available in this universe ends their life through an explosion, known as supernova, the signal of their life as luminous star has already ended.
Most of ice in the Arctic melts down this summer.
Most modern monitors contain a power saving mode that will switched to if no video input signal is received.
Most modern laptops provide a method of gradually dimming the screen after periods of inactivity, or when the battery is in use. This is to extend battery life, and reduce wear.
Most modern laptops feature 12 inch or larger active matrix displays with resolutions of 1024?768 pixels and above, and have a PC Card.
Most modern computer displays can show an infinite number of different colors in the RGB color space by changing red, green, and blue analog video signals in continuously variable intensities.
Most laptops have also an ethernet network port.
Most importantly, there is not one single mutation in history that has been shown to improve the condition of a creature's genetic information.
Most importantly, it exemplifies the concept of irreducible complexity.
Most fragments  will fall to United State land
Most commonly done is affication ruddle, green, blue that called RGB.
Most birds have the ability to fly.
Most ant-ivessel guided missiles use inertial or radioactive tracker guiding systems.
Most animals die by poisoning when accumulated urea in the kidneys diffuses into the blood.
morphological change is usually limited and directionless.
Morover, there are many business applications operated in Internet
Morgan, Goldschmidt, Muller, and other geneticists have subjected generations of fruit flies to extreme conditions of heat, cold, light, dark, and treatment by chemicals and radiation.
Moreover, with its diversity of cultures and customs. Indonesia should actually be an endless source of ideas.
Moreover, this would cause the animal to choke from insufficient oxygen intake.
Moreover, this energy has the chance of making a big change in the energy use concept, since its excellence this hydrogen based energy, and it is often called  the microchip in the field of energy.
Moreover, the perfect aesthetics of the peacock's feathers had made him sick his own words.
Moreover, the goverment of India is trying actively to increase the use of broadband, mainly in the rural areas
Moreover, the generator subsystem location is generally fo far away that ways are needed to distribute electric to other places
Moreover, the BMG is supported by 137 climate monitor stations spreading out in all-Indonesia.
Moreover, the application is developed with open source platform so it is more flexible to develop by community.
Moreover, such cloud  was first reported not long before the Krakatau Mount erupted in 1883.
Moreover, research on the taxonomy of fungi is just in its initial stage, namely revealing the diversity of fungi in Indonesia.
Moreover, most of the different types of finches which Darwin thought represented 14 distinct species actually mated with one another, which means that they were variations that belonged to the same species.
Moreover, it is in a very healthy and aesthetically pleasing wrapping.
Moreover, it is identical in all essential details in birds.
Moreover, it has a four chambered stomach and a very strong digestive system with which it can digest everything it eats.
Moreover, if the female want to be trapped for reproduction.
Moreover, firefly and its lights had to be exist since it was created for the first time
Moreover, all processes were done organically
Moreover, added Dickie Widjaja, there were lots of insurance companies, banks, and educational institutions/universities.
Moreover, according to the fundamental principle of the theory of evolution, natural selection would have made this handicapped insect and its descendants extinct.
Moreover video and multimedia service growth in the internet.
Moreover there are tendencies that
Moreover it is predicted that revenues from voice service traffic will increase by 20 percents than previous years.
Moreover if it is implemented in the company?s information technology infrastructure which uses Microsoft basic platform.
Moreover for GPS equipments
Moreover competition with public because PT Pertamina conducts conversion program of kerosene to natural gas fuel.
More than half of the respondents think they might develop a relationship when they are hopeless, depressive or break heart.
More than 11 species of frogs are found in TSI Cisarua areas.
More specifically, coronary artery carries oxygen found in blood to heart?s muscles which are found in the walls of the heart.
More over in several cases can reach 100%
More modern report show about 1520 a spain jendral that leading conquest of empire inca in Peru giving clothes of germ vaccinate into Inca
More interesting is how it saves its own life after catching its prey.
More importantly, the remains of these creatures should be present in the fossil record.
More focus on cheap data services since Indosat itself has also 3.5 G high speed net or high-speed downlink packet access on their GSM net.
More explicitly, are there really natural mechanisms which can accomplish evolution according to the Darwinian scenario.
More complicated method is peeling and crunching the orange to obtain juice.
Moon is one of the choices
Monochrome monitors only made use of five out of the nine pins.
Monitoring of telecommunication traffics by the US government is not new news
Monarchs must have borne this extraordinary characteristic from the time they were created.
Monarch butterflies normally live for only 5-6 weeks after they develop from caterpillar.
Moment two pigeon tide have path come home which much the same to, they will compromise to fly to [pass/through] middle path among two path.
Molecules excreted, mostly mRNA, are used for protein synthesis.
Molecular Comparisons Deepen Evolution's Cambrian Impasse.
Mohammad Hossein stated that the cloning sheep could eat well and brighten up with other sheep.
Modified the biomass become energy
Modern von Neumann computers display some traits of the Harvard architecture in their designs, such as in CPU caches.
Modern ships, too, make use of a bow like the dolphin?s snout, hydro-dynamically designed to increase the speed of ships just like dolphins.
Modern operating systems can thus power down a monitor after a specified period of inactivity.
Modern desktop computers contain many smaller computers that assist the main CPU in performing I/O.
Modern cruiser guided missiles can reach supersonic or above subsonic speeds, using automatic control system and fly at low altitude to avoid being detected by radars.
Modern computers have billions or even trillions of bytes of memory.
Modern computers are based on tiny integrated circuits and are millions to billions of times more capable while occupying a fraction of the space.
Mobile users in Indonesia reach 100 millions, and 60 percents are active.
Mobile internet access is favored by public.
Mobile equipment is believed as the seventh mass media and the fourth screen.
Mission to mars and it's surounding is planned to be launching in 2009
Miracles of Reproduction in Frogs.
Ministry of State Enterprises supports the initiative of PT Pos Indonesia to accomplish a plan of online integration of all post offices.
Minimum height of a stable orbit is 350 kms above the average sea level.
Minimizing global warming is conducted by reducing green house gas emission and avoiding air pollution in the atmosphere.
Millions of peoples are comfortable using Windows XP and do not see the importance to shift to Windows Vista, the newest operating system from Microsoft.
Millions of American internet users were shocked by a video demo showing robots which were running,  climbing cliffs, while carrying heavy burdens.
Million of government coupons as much $ 40 USD was ready stock and benefit by the people from last Tuesday.
Miller expects the synthetic lubricating oil can be used by motor vehicle and its quality is the same with petroleum from crude oil refinery, environmental friendly, and economical at the same time.
Migratory animals follow Allah?s orders just like everything in the universe.
Migration starts in autumn and the generation that migrates, lives much longer than the other generations that lived in the same year.
Migration requires some special skills like orientation, food storage, and the ability to fly for long periods.
Migrating birds have to store enough energy to take them through their trip.
Midle tone act between both
Middle East offshore sea becomes the natural gas source because the price of natural gas is cheaper.
Microsoft Office is a prime product which is part of Microsoft software product group.
Microsoft has registered the patent of that system software at the Patent and Copyright Office of the United States of America.
Microsoft Dynamics CRM is available in 3 moduls, namely sales, marketing, and customer services.
Microsoft Dynamics 4.0. Software which has been available in Indonesia since 18 March 2008 is a continuation of CRM solutions which has been developed by Microsoft since five years ago.
Microsoft announced that they would terminate Window XP operating system by stopping sale of the OS on June 30, 2008.
Microsoft and SENADA will give consultation and monitor the business progress of each winner, so this will give them a push to complete their work.  We will also create partnership with Association of Indonesian Telematics Software Developers and Indonesian Chambers of Commerce and Industry, said Risman Adam, Developer Evangelist, PT Microsoft Indonesia.
Microsilica is silica grinded with regular grinding equipment as concrete construction material.
Microprocessors are miniaturized devices that often implement stored program CPUs.
Microorganisms used generally are bacteria, leavened or mildew.  
Microevolution looks at adaptations that concern only the survival of the fittest, not the arrival of the fittest.
Microbiologist Michael Denton explains this characteristic of genes in higher organisms such as human beings, in this way.
Michael Denton, an Australian biochemist and a well-known critic of Darwinism, explains the avian lung in this way.
Method of marking flowers.
Methilation of C-2 in hopanoid structure generally depicts that the hopanoid compound is produced by cyanobacteria.
Methanol that would be produced would be made from trash, coal, and wastes of automotive industries.
Methane molecule attaches to coal, but CO2 molecule releases it and replaces it.
Metathesis reaction is one of carbon chemical compound reactions.
Metathesis can be meant as atom position exchanges of two different materials.
Metamorphosis of the Dragonfly.
Metamorphosis is truly an irreducibly complex cycle and therefore is an explicit proof of design.
Metal and its partner hold each other arms and when meet with the alkenes couple; both molecule dancing couples unite in a dancing circle.
Messy bricks structure and fragmented shape of the statues indicated that a temple was succumbed in sediment after destroyed by natural hazard.
Message impersonation is also used by the digital media like video clip, digital picture, document and others functioned as a message cover.
Mercurius surface decreases
Mercurius newest photos which are recorded as many 1213 photos
Mercurius is the cosest planet to Sun
Mendel opposed not only Lamarcks model of evolution, but also Darwins.
Men tend to select wife resemble their mothers, while women are attracted to men like their fathers, scientists reported on Wednesday.
Men can manage to make the incredible buildings they construct only after taking years long architectural educations and by using many technical tools.
Memory modules are often also accessible through the bottom, though some may be on the motherboard under the keyboard and thus not meant to be accessed by the user.
Membrane structure is two layers lipid and has certain permeability, so not all molecules can pass the cell membrane.
Members of the entity are generally voluntary based, but can be also employers of a company that get paid for assisting development of the software.
Melvin L.Kreithen, an ornithologist who made research into birds? sense of hearing, observed that some birds can hear sounds of extremely small frequencies, which diffuse to great distances in the atmosphere.
Melted silica or vitreo silica is made through tetrachloride silicon pyrolisis at high temperature or from melting down quartz or pure sand.
Medullary bones firstly was found at Tyrannosaurs female fossil and scientist also confirmed its age was 18 years old
Medium tanks or cruiser tanks are heavier and are meant for fast, long distance travels
Medical literature proves that oxidative stress is the major cause of early aging and emergence of chronic diseases, such as cancer, heart attack, Alzheimer, and others.
Mechanics of Flight.
Mechanical systems designed by humans generally have more flaws than commonly believed.
Mechanical extraction is a chemical process principally biomass extraction process became energy by giving biomass pressure so that oil content will go out, the last result obtained at extraction process dilution or liquid.
Mechanic System Design Of Creatures.
Meat or milk coming from animal?s clone was reported save to beconsumed by human being.
Meanwhile, there is a boost of 45% in digital music sale.
Meanwhile, the sonsors for taste and smell are relatively new.
Meanwhile, the motivation owned by crackers are varied including to perform a propaganda, pure criminal, destructive attack because of revenge or dislike towards institutions, etc.
Meanwhile, the internal factors directly influence the climate type or variations including air temperature, rainfalls, air pressure, wind direction and speed, air humidity, duration and intensity of sun radiation, evaporation, etc.
Meanwhile, the individual who lives in a relatively quiet place does not need them since the absorption form dailly food with high quality has been sufficient.
Meanwhile, the first commercial flight will be conducted early next year.
Meanwhile, the Director of Information System Development and Service University of Indonesia expects many students can take advantage of Microsoft DreamSpark to join creative industry development.
Meanwhile, the digestive glands in the trap are also activated.
Meanwhile, the daily work in the earth utilizes pyhisic rules for life need and facility in the Earth.
Meanwhile, some Egyptian archeologist found a 5000-year king mausoleum in the southern Egypt.
Meanwhile, SanDisk affirmed that they sought for business opportunities, conducting several meeting with other companies, including Samsung.
Meanwhile, many people judges that the policy is the form of  government deniel to the freedom of expression in the virtual world.
Meanwhile, majority of woman tend to focus on talent, moral quality, and other characters.
Meanwhile, it could be more lucky for the East Indonesian Zones since there was a chance to observe the eclipse in longer scale, might be in one or two hours longer depending on its time zone.
Meanwhile, if you use internet to download, for examples video clip from You Tube or MP3 music from various sites, then volume-based is very costly.
Meanwhile, biological agent used can be in suspended or immobilized condition.
Meanwhile, Adi said, this rocket activities were a  new aspect for Indonesia, as during the last 30 years Indonesia has concentrated more on aeronotics.
Meanwhile,  the tarrifs will decrease up to a half rupee per second for the interlocal calls
Meanwhile the third generation requires very high precision nano material to make, such as the making of a system implanted into human body to kill cancer.
Meanwhile starting the computer system installed at Disaster Recovery Center as a backup will certainly take time.
Meanwhile standardization refers to standard norm and criteria procedures, so varied enforcement efforts will be launched since many broadcasting radios do not have operational licenses, he said.
Meanwhile Simonyi sad the telescope would create a stimulating breakthrough as the first astronomers did.
Meanwhile DRAM is used widely for computer memory.
Meanwhile cellular manufacturers will start lobbying Google to get license of Android and its peripherals.
Means, a non smoker snore is also threatened the increasing bronchitis risk
Meanhwile, the sensor for taste lies on tounge and smell on nose. Their objects are chemical substances.
Meanhwile, the cloud is constructed at the location where the air is only one one hundred millionth times
McKey confinced DEPTHX robot is an ideal tools to explore Europe.
MBB, a company producing weaponry and rockets, has taken the aerodynamic structure and flight style of the dragonfly as a model for the manufacture of BO-105 type helicopters.
Mayority the prisoner was death  because chemical weapon, but not becouse of biological weapon
Maybe the fins of lunged fish changed into amphibian feet as they crept through muddy water.
May this material that forms outer ring Saturnus or called E ring.
May be technologically our nation is capable.
May be due to its enlarging capacity, Transcend V20 is a little bit longer than majority of USB flash disk.
Maximum storage with minimum material.
Maximum benefit from food and water.
Mathematicians give the reason..
math: Perform basic mathematical operations like addition and multiplication.
Materials used as terror were diverse.
Marine fish have two types.
Marasmiellus spread all over the world and it estimated there are 600 species of this fungus.
Many work seekers choose to develop their profiles in friendly social network sites.
Many will be puzzled about the statement that practically all known mutant genes are harmful.
Many vitamin supplements of various dosages are found the markets.
Many trustees donated their personal papers to CBI, while others published their memoirs or wrote histories, and served on the editorial board of the IEEE Annals of the History of Computing.
Many things seem difficult for human intelligence, but are not problems for informatics.
Many telecommunication towers owned by operators in several regions are in the control of foreign providers.
Many suppose that frogs multiply through hatching eggs and developing ?tadpoles?.
Many studies stated that chocolate was good for liver.
Many species of insects are equipped with flight capabilities superior to those of birds.
Many scientists have long been interested in house lizards and their development as this animal provides important indication on biodiversity and as they are found in almost every continent.
Many scientists agreed that cancer and tumor were diseases from the mutation of gen or DNA cell.
Many scientific publications stated the fact, together with drawings showing how coelacanths passed to land from water.
Many researchers offer mechanism theory of the metathesis reaction.
Many reasons why the manuscripts are not maintained properly, among other is the ignorance of owners on the importance of the manuscripts.
Many people unconsciously the Alpen Mountains has height decrease
Many people say not to believe easily on strangers in virtual world.
Many people require new hearts or livers from death people, usually victims of traffic accidents.
Many people rely on internet to seek for information about diseases instead of visiting doctor.
Many people intelligent and hard works were required to find the best  electric bulb
Many people have died of this disease and the costs of surgery to cure the patients of coronary heart desease are also very expensive.
Many other termites also use methods involving the application of poisons, but the amazing point is the different chemical structures of all these poisons.
Many other languages were developed, including ones for commercial programming, such as COBOL.
Many other birds such as the shearwater use similar techniques while soaring on the sea.
Many of these, such as HDMI and DisplayPort, also feature integrated audio and data connections.
Many of these systems have been designed by trial and error.
Many monitors have other accessories or connections for them integrated.
Many institutions which at first underestimated this matter , eventually encoutered much loss for this carelessness
Many geologists are interested to unique Satonda habitat formation process namely the existence of volcanic crater lake filled with seawater.
Many experiments conducted after Kettlewell's revealed that only one type of these moths rested on tree trunks, and all other types preferred to rest beneath small, horizontal branches.
Many computers directly support subroutines by providing a type of jump that remembers the location it jumped from and another instruction to return to the instruction following that jump instruction.
Many computer languages provide a mechanism to call functions provided by libraries.
Many commonly known modules are oCRAFT tools, such as Forums, Blogs, Wikis, photo galleries, calendars and more.
Many CGA cards were also capable of operating as MDA or Hercules card if a monochrome monitor was used.
Many birds have been inspired to use methods that decrease the energy required.
Many benefits generated by internet, among other is to deliver news easily and quickly.
Many bees work together to ensure the required temperature for the work place in order to keep the wax soft and malleable.
Man-made evolution.
Man, however, has only been able to imitate some of their features in the last couple of centuries.
Man must think on how he came into being, what is the purpose of his life, why he will die and what awaits him after death.
Man is responsible for identifying these signs by using his wisdom, and for paying reverence to Allah.
Malthus maintained that human beings were inevitably in a constant struggle for survival, basing his views on the fact that population.
Malaysian secretary of interior Sayyed Hamid Albar supported the blockage policy.
Malaysian government blocks the access of news site that is not pro government.  
Malaysia blocks the anti government news access sites.
Malaysia announced the implementation of OSS in the administration system of their government institutions in 2007.                                                   
Malaysia also applies similar system for payment of train tickets and even this neighboring country applies RFID to their citizens? passports.
Making use of air currents in order to save energy in flight is called soaring.
MAKING IT HAPPEN During the 1990s, CBF continued to raise funds for CBI, making it possible for the institute to gain a solid financial footing and develop into the world?s leading center for the preservation and study of the history of information technology.
Make-up this temperature couse the ices lequefaction in the polar so the ocean size and surpace of the sea increase 10 to 25 cm.
Makemake is the first small planet which was officially named since 2006.
Makemake is one of objects categorized in new group called Plutoid.
Make up allergic case.
Make sure you use original batteries from authorized seller.
Majority of the world population utilize plastic in running their activities.
Majority of plastic used by public is polyethylene plastic type.
Major structural element of nucleus is nucleus membrane, a double layer membrane that covers the whole organel and separates kernel with cytoplasm and inner lamina.
Major function of nucleus is to protect the integrity of the genes and to control cell activities by managing genes expressions.
Major example of subnucleus body is nucleolus, which is important in rybozome formation.
Main target of this evil plan are young voters because they  looking for information online, and middle economic people, so their right to elect in the election is attacked easily.
Made evaluated there was a uniqueness relating to the reason of Majapahit to develop the kingdom?s location around Trowulan region.
Macula receives light of varied wavelength, so makes it fragile to destruction by light blue.
Macula is positioned in the center of retina and directly side by side with eyes lens.
Macula is a little area that contains million cells that help to produce sharp vision in reading or seeing an object clearly.
Macula destruction by blue light contributes to macular degeneration relating to aging.
Machine languages and the assembly languages that represent them tend to be unique to a particular type of computer.
Lying for four full months without eating anything, the male penguin loses half of its weight, but it never leaves the egg.
Luther Burbank, considered the most competent breeder of all time, expressed this fact when he said, there are limits to the development possible, and these limits follow a law.
Lutein is eye protector anti oxidant.
Lutein is a carotenoid which is a compound in solid crystal form and yellow color that can be found a lot in green vegetables.
Luminal subunit contains transmembrane protein that adheres nucleus pore complex to nucleus membrane.
Luckily, the buyer was Andrew Chapman, an IT manager from Oxford, and not an ill-intent person.
Lubricating oil from natural gas temporarily becomes an alternative of lubricating oil resulted from oil refinery.
Lubricating oil available in market originates from petroleum processing.
LTE?s speed not only equates the speed requirement of 100 megabytes per second as was indicated in its early stage, but even it can reach up to 300Mbps in moving condition.
low-level textbooks, semipopular articles, and so on.
Lots of materials have been tried out, and lots have been used in medicine, such as stitching thread for cuts.
Lots of materials can be processed to become hydrogen, such as trash, biomass, natural gasses, etc.
Lots of firemen died of being buried in rubles.
Lots of factors determine the success of software industry development.
Lost of 125 lakes at north polar same decade ago peep out the idea that global warming more splashy at polar area
Looking for new customers is much more difficult.
Looking at the structures in these very different groups, evolutionists go on to imagine the evolutionary processes that might have happened.
Look at the long or short the flute
Logitech just described one of its new keyboard products.
Login data stealing will dominate the cases in cyber crime in 2008.
Located at a height of 3,000 metres, this place is warm enough for the subsistence of the butterflies.
Local telecommunication tower providers complain dominance of foreign companies in equipment business that can absorb budgets up to trillions rupiah.
Local rains at Jakarta and the surrounding areas at transition season like now is estimated to continue in the next several days.
Local officers said that the sea weed disappeared in Florida harbor as effect of waste burning place which wasn?t proceeded and other pollution which flooded sea surface
Living things are first divided into kingdoms, such as the plant and animal kingdoms.
Living coelacanths revealed how groundless the speculation regarding them was.
Living Activities Communicated Through Signals.
Little sacks in their abdomens produce a transparent liquid, which leaks out and hardens the thin wax layers.
Lithium battery potency as caused of fire, as heat which knock over the battery will result short circuit damage.
Lithium battery is pointed out as cause of some fire in Air Craft baggage.
Literally thousands of human diseases associated with genetic mutations have been catalogued in recent years, with more being described continually.
Lisbon was very care of welfare alternative energy.
Liquid hydrogen is very important in low temperature research field and superconductivity study because its melting point is only 20 degrees above 0 Kelvin.
Liquid hydrocarbon compound resulted from syngas conversion has similar characteristics of polyethylene.
Lipid, that is supposed to protect skin to be fresh, changes to lipid peroxide because reacts with free radicals and causes early aging.
LIPI prepared Five Concepts of Alternative Energy Development.
LIPI and other research institutions, among others, BPPT, BATAN would make hydrogen and methanol in one package.
Lintasarta has so far been known as an experienced network infrastructure provider.
Limonin oxide is a kind of carbon in the form of a chemical compound which is found in 300 species of plants.  
Limited users will be allowed by Sanrio to play in the first version of Hello Kitty Online.
Limestone soda glass is 95 percents of all glass produced.
Likewise, the American paleontologist Steven M.Stanley describes how the Darwinist dogma, which dominates the world of science, has ignored this reality demonstrated by the fossil record.
Likewise, Darwin in his book, The Origin of Species, admitted the impossibility of explaining these creatures by his theory in a chapter called Difficulties of the Theory.
Likewise with trash processing, which would produces methane gas and hydrogen, which are potencial and could later be converted into electrical energy.
Likewise a snorer who always syat in the pure air environment
Like turning on the light, which used to give to his nurse.
Like the function of human retina.
Like most primates, humans are social by nature.
Like materials widely used in modern civilization, the history of glass invention is not clear at all.
Like Malaysia and Thailand, of which each government can provide more research fund than the Government of the Republic Indonesia.
Like image persistence, this can sometimes be partially or fully reversed by using the same method listed below, however the chance of success is far lower than with a stuck pixel.
Like at a big flood that hit a remote area in the United States of America, where around 40 families dwell in trailers.
Like as the a trained mammals for performance attraction, knew patient?s place of nerve was suffering from disease.
Like all other living things, the cuckoos also do what Allah commands them to.
Like all other creatures, the camel too is endowed with many special qualities and then placed on earth as a sign of the excellence of the Creator in creation.
like a Rafflesia , there was also a huge plant which can be growned as hig as Three meters and had bad odour thet was Titan
Like a human skin aging
Light travels through the lens and the fluid that fills the eyeball before falling on the retina.
Light tanks, which weigh less than ten tons are used for monitoring tasks, and are only armed with light machine guns which are only effective to fight other light tanks.
Light tanks and other armoured vehicles become the most important component of blietzkrieg.
Light chocolate naturally rich of flavones was trusted to protect liver.
Licopen is a compound which is hard to dissolve in water
Lewin continues to call this extraordinary phenomenon from the Cambrian Age an evolutionary event, because of the loyalty he feels to Darwinism, but it is clear that the discoveries so far cannot be explained by any evolutionary approach.
Levinton accepts this reality, albeit unwillingly, saying Therefore, something special and very mysterious  some highly creative force  existed then.
Letters, numbers, even computer instructions can be placed into memory with equal ease.
Let's think about the moment the person in our assumed situation sees his friend.
Let's assume that on a certain afternoon two men are situated apart from one another.
Let us think in the light of these pieces of information: has the camel on its own adapted its own body to desert conditions.
Let us think about why the cuckoo bird leaves its offspring to the care of other birds.
Let us take a closer look at these experiments in order to unveil the extraordinary design of these creatures.
Let us take a closer look at some of the examples of this perfect creation.
Let us now examine the facts of the fossil record, which have been silenced for so long, in a bit more detail.
Let us imagine how a fish might emerge from the sea and adapt itself to the land.
Let us give just a few examples of the perfection of design in the universe.
Let us for a moment think of an aspirin; you will immediately recall the mark in the middle.
Let us first recall what is actually said.
Let us first focus on the random changes.
Let us first consider the Darwinist hypothesis.
Let us examine this energy problem as it relates to the Pacific golden plover Pluvialis dominica fulva: this bird migrates from Alaska to Hawaii to spend its winters there.
Let us examine these special structures of birds one by one.
Let us examine the way that a design follows in the formation of a new design.
Let us compare with several plant hormones which have been known for long time.
Let us assume, for a moment, that the genes of an insect on land underwent a mutation and some parts of the skin tissue on the body showed an uncertain change.
Let us assume it did, how could it secrete and store these in its body.
Let us assume it did, how could it form a storage chamber and an explosion chamber in its body for these chemicals.
Let alone the costs of the rent and that for document maintenance which is becoming more and more expensive as day goes by.
Let alone Indonesia where the reading interest of its people is still classified as low, where even the conventional books do not have enough attention.
Length of first therapy for stroke patient for ten days and finish in end of 2007
LED is only have 4 kinds of colour that plain view, there are red, yellow, green, and blue.
Leave incubation to their males and return to the sea.
Leadership to overcome problem in the global level is very needed.
LCROSS would stick two instruments brought to the moon surface in order to obtain some deeper samples.
LCDs and flat screen CRTs are less prone to reflected glare than conventional curved CRTs.
LCD monitors, while lacking phosphor screens and thus immune to phosphor burn-in, have a similar condition known as image persistence, where the pixels of the LCD monitor can remember a particular color and become stuck and unable to change.
Law in Indonesia seems unable to trace the speed of internet change
Launching stages can last from tens of seconds to several minutes and can consist of up to three levels of rockets.
Launched ten years ago by Stanford University students Larry Page and Sergey Brin, Google is still the major player of world search engine.
Laughing gas or mono-oxide di-nitrogen is colorless and odorless gas.
Laugh is the least thing understood by human behaviors
Laugh is also able to contaminate others
Laugh is a playing response on unexpected story
Later, the warhips were armed with arrow, fire or stone launchers.
Later, Indonesian migrant workers are expected to be able to transfer their money to their families in the home country using T-Cash, easily from cellular phones to cellular phones, at cheaper rates and in a faster way.
Later, asteroid impacts caused significant changes to the surface environment.
Later the recipe more regular writed with the clear write hand
Later on, printing technology allows faster information transmission.
Later on several ways to synthesize the compound have been found by several research groups.
Later digital monitors support LVDS, or TMDS protocols.
Lastly, they fasten the branches they have piled up with a special mortar they make from clay and dead leaves.
Lastly, it calculates the angle of take-off, dependent on wind direction and velocity, by means of the sensors on its antennae.
Last year, Unikom succeeded in fighting for two championships in the Wheeled Senior Division and Legged Senior Division.
Last week, the company is established by Lou Hawthorne demanded in RNL Bio, Biotechnology in South Korea to stop  pet cloning business.
Last week, control centre in the earth told astrounos in ISS to sleep in the special room which protected from radiation.
Last time, Mercurius  was assumed as planet that seem to moon, the natural earth satellite
Last night, a full lunar eclipse occurred for the second time in 2007
Last in order that the middle voice heard brightly, loudspeaker have to diameter 10 cm
Last  year the expert identified another 30 dinosaurs prints in the same area.
Laser meter is used to calculate the distance to a target.
Larry Page and Sergey Brin were nobody when founded Google several years ago.
Large scale automated data processing of punched cards was performed for the U.S. Census in 1890 by tabulating machines designed by Herman Hollerith and manufactured by the Computing Tabulating Recording Corporation, which later became IBM.
Large computer programs comprising several million instructions may take teams of programmers years to write, thus the probability of the entire program having been written without error is highly unlikely.
Laptops weighing typically between 0.8 to 2.7 kg and a screen of 6.4 to 13.3 inches diagonally.
Laptops usually run on a single main battery or from an external AC/DC adapter that charges the battery while also supplying power to the computer itself even in the event of a power failure.
Laptops usually have liquid crystal displays and most of them use different memory modules for their random access memory RAM, for instance, SO DIMM in lieu of the larger DIMMs.
Laptops typically use SODIMMs, as shown here.
Laptops contain components that are similar to their desktop counterparts and perform the same functions, but are miniaturized and optimized for mobile use and efficient power consumption, although typically less powerful for the same price.
Laptops began from a desire to have a full featured computer that could be easily used anywhere.
Lapan would soon prepare lower level rockets which have a diameter of 420 mm.
Language allows somebody to understand information expressed by somebody else.
Landslide disaster detection system invented by Gajah Mada University team, which is in patenting process, is copied or stole by a big country in Asian region.
Land-dwelling creatures possess a physical mechanism that can withstand such great temperature changes.
Land-dwelling creatures' bones, in contrast, are directly connected to the backbone.
Land-dwelling animals totally lack a number of mechanisms that are used by birds in flying.
Land to air guided missiles are guided missiles which are launched from the ground to destroy aircrafts.
Land  to air guided missiles can be launched from a permanent location or a launcher vehicle.
Lamina is a structure in nucleus that provides mechanical support, such as cytoskeleton that supports the whole cells.
Lamarckism is known as the inheritance of acquired characteristics.
Lamarck thought that all living things were endowed with a vital force that drove them to evolve toward greater complexity.
Lack of sleeping continuously will cause hallucination even death
Labor party will not forgive those who refuse it, as similar regulation also implemented in China.
Kusmayanto Kadiman, the Minister for Research and Technology, reminded again on the importance to launch any effort to save the Bosscha Observatory facility against noises generated from light and air pollutions which would hamper stars observation at night, and this was due to the encroaching development of settlement adjacent the Bosscha Observatory at Lembang Bandung Regency.
KPU Pusat or the Central Committee of General Election stated their interest to use OSS based information system for the next general election, he said.  
KPU DKI information system is developed according to the Grand Design of KPU Information System  determined by the government.
Korean scientist claimed that few years ago, he had created alike cell line but it could not be proved
Kompas once sent an example of an e-mail suspected as phising e-mail to Paypal?s support team.
Knowledge of security of care of security is not only crucial for system designer but also for common user
Knowledge is not only of adult monopoly anymore, but also has been of child consumpstion
Knowing and preventing free radicals
Knee is not a part of body that can think.
Kiyoshi was successful in developing the taste censor by using lipid membranes functioning as electronical tounge.
Kiyoshi was also successful in developing the electronical nouse using the gas sensor laric
Kibanov then tested wheteher PEI's  also worked to this viruses which were smaller than bacteria colony.
Kevlar?s price is expensive due to the difficulties un using high concentration of sulphuric acid in its production.
Kevlar is very much heat resistant and will decompose at temparatures over 400 degrees celcius without melting.
Kevlar is synthesized from monomer 1, 4-fenildiamin and tereftaloil klorida.
Kevlar is one of the types of aramida, which consists of a long chain of polymer with paralel orientation.
Kevlar is also known as twaron and poly-parafinilen tereftalamide, which is a synthetic fiber that has a strength of five times that of copper for the same weight of these material.
Kevlar has free clusters which can form hydrogen ties on their outer parts, which make them able to absorb water and possess a good moist characteristic.
Kevlar consists of relatively rigid molecules which form a structure similar to the flat sheets in silk protein.
Kettlewell used dead specimens glued or pinned to tree trunks and then photographed them.
Kestrels like to feed on rats.
Kestrels' feeding coincides with the rats'.
Keratin is a hard and durable material that is formed by the old cells that migrate away from the nutrient and oxygen sources in the deeper layers of the skin and die in order to give way to new cells.
Kenko Nihon 21 written down that the target of consuming vegetables for Japanese was more that 350 grams a day.
Keller said the photos indicated various calderas on the surface of grayish asteroid.
Keller said he did not expect the camera to be down again that might affect the mission.
Kantaya applications take the form of monitoring report from each division, work unit and subditricts; facilities for data transportation; online information and project monitoring of each work unit; work agenda of each unit; discussion forum; and chatting facilities amongst personnel and work units; official invitation letters.
Kantaya also provides regional government information system, integrated permit handling, interregional trade information system, personnel information system, regional financial information system, demographic information system, land affairs information system, regional general hospital system, regional logistics management system, geographic information system, credit and regional waterworks company system.
Kalium minerals as found in the Searles Lake and kalium chloride taken from salty water at Michigan also contain rubidium and produced successfully and commercially.
Just mention the video sharing site You Tube which currently is the favorite of internet users.
Just like the rest of the miracles of creation, the lobster's eye structure is an open testimony to the Creator's boundless power to create flawlessly.
Just like the circulatory system in the body, there is an intricate and complex network of tubes called the tracheal system that delivers oxygen-containing air to every cell of the body.
Just like most other people, I also think that the opportunity is small.
Just like all the other creatures in the nature termites have been created in a moment.
Just like all other forms of life, electric fish were also created flawlessly by God as a demonstration for us of the existence and infinite knowledge of God Who created them.
Just how such an utterly different respiratory system could have evolved gradually from the standard vertebrate design is fantastically difficult to envisage.
Just have a look in google.com search machine, the average Indonesianlanguage websites are sold at a price as low as Rp 1.5 millions
Just be wary the because the habit play the bass and treble in ear phone can destroy the ear.
Just be calm, surely in a short time I will issue the incentive programs through a minister policy.
Just as the rest of the life forms, the dragonfly, too, appeared all at once and has not changed to this day.
Just as the feather cannot function as an organ of flight until the hooks and barbules are coadapted to fit together perfectly.
Just as the chicken lays at least one egg a day although it does not need it, and the cow produces much more milk than its offspring needs.
Just as other reptiles have five toes on their front feet, flying reptiles have five digits on their wings.
Just as any other living being, the camel surely could not perform any of the above and make itself beneficial to mankind.
Just as Allah sustains human beings, so does He sustain the animals.
Just a day after being successful in launching satellite-carrier rocket, Iran announced its ambition to send people to space station in 10 years.
Joint ATM ATM Bersama has established regional network interconnection with MEPS Malaysia, so Indonesians in Malaysia can do financial transaction using Joint ATM service.
John has been the member of Director Board of Open Source for the last seven years and concentrated on developing small companies.
Jobs adds that laptop casing is made from recyclable aluminum material and its component made from safe material.
Jets use very special fuels to power their high-speed engines.
Jet fighters are relatively smaller, faster and more agile.
Jet fighters are military jet planes designed to attack other aircrafts in the air.
Jepang, which is criticized by international community for its action on whale research, discloses the finding that whales loss its fat due to shortage of marine resources.
Jay Bavisi, President of EC-Council and Sean Lim, Vice President of EC-Council, in their talk with Kompas last month, said that basically those called hackers or digital infiltrators have various aims.
Japan?s fears of terrorist was started since Japan?s support to Irak war
Japan uses super urban intelligent card for payment of train transportation tickets.
Japan sent about 40.000 its soldier to help anally
Japan is frequently criticized by western countries for yearly whale hunting for research, while in fact majority of the whale meat ends up in supermarket, restaurant, and school canteens.
Japan electronic factory is acquainted the biggest plasma television in the world at last Sunday at opening of electronics exhibition in Las Vegas
Jannsen said, in this world it is predicted there are 4,000 species of frogs, with various types, colors and shapes.
Jakarta, for example, could make methane gas and hydrogen from trash.
Its use is estimated will be wider with the support of community and SpaceWire technology development.
Its structures has to be strong because to hold gas in order not to be leak
Its strengths are the engine is easy to start, and it is more powerful, the sound of the engine is less noisy than that of diesel and turbin engines.
Its some as knife, scient can be used for badness and kindness
Its software was automatically down.
Its size is equal to computer chip.
Its single interface is easy to use so that user?s operational is said to be lower with shorter cyclical time as manual processes are omitted.  
Its purpose to help society that still use old television technology to buy the converter boy to catch digital telecast.
Its price is alsocompetitive.
Its popularity skyrocketed in early 2000s when it was found out that the sedan was the choice of the blooming multi-millionares who established Google.
Its performance and memory capacity cannot be compared with standard computer.
Its particles interacted one to another very weakly, or even no interaction at all, except the influence of gravitation pull.
Its own eyes are not big and in the shape of a dark spot like those of the ants.
Its mean that the data of the patient kept longer.
Its long neck enables the animal to reach and feed on leaves three metres above the ground.
Its length can reach up to 3,5 inches 9 centimetres, and it looks exactly like a reproductive machine.
Its impact, wireless modern market with USB - CDMA connection or GSM and broadband - is more boisterous.
Its heart is shaped like a tube and beats at such a low rate that the jumps do not affect it at all.
Its function is to neutralize poisonous hydrogen peroxide and prevent CO2 bubble formation in blood.
Its free sugar molecules make the brain function better since the brain is the largest consumer of sugar.
its fore feet are indefinite and its hind feet are comprised of small projections.
its flower can grow as large as 1 meter with 7 Kg weigh and produced bad smell which at racted tlies as its
Its existence is around 30% of all proteins in the body.
Its existence can be felt indirectly via its gravitational force on light.
Its creation process is very empirical and based on experience.
Its conductivity is the same with sulphur acid solution at temperature 20 degree Celsius.
Its body has such features that allow it to survive for days without water or food, and it can travel with a load of hundreds of kilograms on its back for days.
Its average speed during this trip is approximately 80 km per hour.
Its astaxanthine protects algae from environmental changes, such as high ultraviolet photo oxidation and evaporation.
Its ambition that wants to control internet and entertainment development stream has invited criticisms from various elements.
Its a result of melt ice in the top mountain.
Items can be selected or moved with a finger, and finger gestures may be used to convey commands.
ITB?s Butterfly was tested by five international jurors.
Ita admitted that she also checked crabs; however the heavy metal concentration was not higher.
It?s the right time to make the digital form recipe.
It?s not impossible involve the music until close the eyes if felling on one just loudspeaker make all frequency
It, too, is already created with a system by which it can feed itself without any effort just like all other plants.
It would not be sufficient even if each bee acted on its own instinct.
It would be the last clinic test before the vaccine have approval to be used by the society
It would be quite beyond reason to suggest that another mutation on top of this change could coincidentally add up to a wing.
It won?t be broken although fall down from a height of 90 centimeter.
It will coordinate several departments/ministries relating to climate change.
It will be worsening in several weeks to come considering summer still goes on.
It was written that battles happened in the old times, among others were the sea war between the Roman fleet and Carthago, the battle of Lepanto, the sea battle between Britiain and Spain, and the battle of Trafalgar.
It was worst by there was not legal regulation for telephone connection through internet so it become easier to lie many people
It was under checking, we would like to investigate, said Irjen. Abubakar Nataprawira, Head of Public Relation Division of Polri, when contacted on Tuesday morning 9/9 for confirmation.
It was true that some cows were bigger than others, while some had darker colors, yet how could these variations provide an explanation for the diversity in animal and plant species.
It was true that mutations changed the genetic data of living organisms, yet this change always occurred to the detriment of the living thing concerned.
It was the world record for the submarine diving in fresh water.
It was the transition to LCD and plasma displays that permitted the luggable to shrink in size and become the first real laptop, though at first still without internal batteries.
It was the fusion of automatic calculation with programmability that produced the first recognizable computers.
It was the biggest operation of preventing rain ever conducted by China until today
It was the biggest operation of preventing rain ever conducted by China until today
It was temporally before the reasearcher team succeeded to find it
It was stated that the breeding of those swine will be conducted at Missouri.
It was reported that Yahoo and Intel would work together to make a more interactive television format through the internet technology.
It was reported rthat in USA, this technology can be used in accelerating the test of new medicine for new disease like cancer, stoke, AIDS, blood disease, damage caused by heart attack, brain damage disease, and many other diseases needed cell killing, or to stop cells damage.
It was really a tragedy, Said said.
It was proven by the launch of an online campaign to support Windows XP to be protected by Microsoft.
It was proved, their innovation really shocked the world and now used in almost every part of the world as search engine that we knew as Google.
It was predicted that Asteroid has big size to destroy a part of the Mars surface
It was predicted seven days to fix the ship.
It was not the first problem faced by Google.
It was not only import price problem but also there was price reason or dumping
It was not only a privatization problem, but also a breaking, with the taken photos as evidences.
It was not Jurassic Park, but a mouse which lived 500 million years ago live again through genetic engineering
It was not articles list and information, but page with white background and writing that insulted the police.
It was not abundant, because the volume of fresh water in this lake was sufficient about a fifth of fresh water total supply in the world.
It was mentioned that their wings are activated by means of electrical signals conducted through the nerves.
It was mentioned by Robert Wilson, an expert from England, in his article for the English newspaper Sunday Times.
It was further steps forward for recent energy production in Ireland.
It was further imagined that mice came into being from wheat.
It was explained by ESA mission manager and Head of Solar System Operation, Gerhard Schwehm on Saturday.
It was done in order to make the ship float in bottom of the lake
It was commonly used in the old time during the centuries when civilization grew, the middle ages, trade up to the centuries of exploration. catatan penrjemah:kalimat sumber tidak memiliki subyek
It was claimed as an attempt of Iran to show its military existence against the US.
It was believed that mammals tended to have  legs which stretched vertically from backbone down to the ground.
It was believed that insects came into existence from leftover bits of food.
it was believe that is the most effective way of running away from human's clap threats
It was attract some astronomies attention
It was assumed that the object was still in its way back to accomplish its one cycle against Sun reaching out of about 22.500 kilometers.
It was an research result of Indonesian Knowledge Council for more than 30 years which prove the existence of inhibitor nitrogen bacteria
It was an initial step to show that internet could be programmed on TV through many ways.
It was also able to survive and increase itself on very low PH, able to increase soil nitrogen up to 20 percent after planting, even it does not need fertilizers at all if using organic fertilizer in low dose
It was admitted that the trick was aimed to attract visitors to come.
It was actually not personal information that was offered in eBay.
It was a rare thing as we found its feet bone along with its thumbs, fingers, and its ankle.
It was a bold cracker action that works on the Polri site this morning.
It turned out that this polymer shares lots of similar properties with polyistiren.
It tries to break cancer cells from insight of the body by spilling gen that will be the recourses of light inside yhe cancer cells themselves
It takes some time for a dolphin to master the skills needed to use such a complicated system.
It takes only 18 days to equalize earth species, or in other words, six days required by the God, said Wright in humor.
It takes extraordinary design for the bird?s brain not to be injured.
It supplies all the nutrients and water that the developing foetus needs.
It succeeds.
It still needs socialization.
It started when a friend, in a chat using YM, said he was going to send a file and he asked the prospective victim to download a picture file.
It stands to reason if the Chancellor fo Unikom, Eddy Soeryanto Soegoto, was optimistic that the four teams would win in all divisions in 2008 KRCI.
It shows how much we are imposing a restricted view on reality based on our own limited experience, when reality may be larger, stranger, and more different than we can imagine.
it should that the birds flying in groups have advantage in navigation to each individu in the group
It should be realized that not only carbon heating or vehicle driving gives direct impacts on environment, but also our plates for daily meals do
It should be admitted that initial infestation is quite expensive.
It sheds this skin at four different times.
It seems to be a hot topic of discussion following the regulation breaking by Google.
It seems that waiting for market reaction is the main consideration of publishers in producing e-books.
It seems that the theory postulated by Lamarck, which collapsed a century ago, still has a strong influence on the subconscious minds of evolutionary biologists today.
It seems that the market is not prepared yet to enjoy books which can only be read with the help of certain gadgets such as computers and special reading tools, said Amin Bakri, Chief Commissioner of Menara Publisher.
It seems carcinogenic characteristic is not only caused by hydrocarbon, but also by existence of oxide product in heart.
It seemed that the dream of a non-cable electronic world would be a reality.  
It seemed that he/she was targeting celebrity sites that have ambition to enter political domain.
It seemed it would not last longer since the phenomena were temporary in nature.
It remains to say that the oldest known snakes in the fossil record have no intermediate form characteristics, and are no different from snakes of our own time.
It relates to fuel type used by thermal reactor that prefers slow neutron than fast neutron to do fission reactions.
It reflects the world?s society, nano technology has been implemented widely.
It reads and interprets instructions in the program one by one.
It provided us a new knowledge about all T-Rex life evolution
It proved by the experiment to on of Balinese figure suffering from leg paralyzed stroke show progression.
IT professionals perform a variety of duties that range from installing applications to designing complex computer networks and information databases.
It only takes a little bit of a common sense to see that the unparalleled anatomy of birds is not an arbitrary result of unconscious mutations.
It only became a significant issue in 3 situations:
It neither has the required wisdom, knowledge of chemistry, or the laboratory environment to produce the secretion.
It needs less than 1 watt until 2,5 watt
It nay be the youngest and the biggest star in its group.
It named so because composing particles structure are far apart likes liquid but in fact in a solid form.
It must also, after all, insulate the walls of the explosion room and the walls of the channel through which it squirts the mixture with a flame-resistant alloy so as not to burn itself.
It might sound unimportant, but the suspension quality is a determining factor of cross-country performance of tanks.
It might seem odd that fossils from one small locality, no matter how exciting, should lie at the center of a fierce debate about such broad issues in evolutionary biology.
It might happen because food for pest or disease is available continuously in relatively a long time because there is no cycle cut of pest and disease of paddy.
it mean's that pilican be a material to make?.of the?.
It means most of the energy failed to light the bulb.
It mean there was a certain mechanism on his body which played the role to turn on and turn off the lights, such electric lamp switch or button connected and cut electric current which flew to the bulb
It may capture a fly that passes half a metre away from itself in the air by leaping upon it.
It may be said that thermal reactor uses thermal neutron and fast reactor uses fast neutron in each fission reaction processes.
It may accept a user?s input and respond to the request.
It makes tongue of fire looks yellowish purple.
It makes sense if the change of high cloud pattern occurs in some recent years because of this factor.
It makes a nimble leap to reach its prey.
It made its light cool
It leaves the poisonous substances in the liver and takes other nutrients and hormones to wherever they are needed.
It leads its life without doing any harm to its sibling, which is only one centimetre long.
It is, therefore, certain that both of these eye structures were designed and created separately.
It is, however, out of the question that nature could create a miracle which is supernatural.
It is, however, not enough for men and animals to have reproductive systems.
It is well known by almost everyone that honey is a fundamental food source for the human body, whereas only a few people are aware of the extraordinary qualities of its producer, the honeybee.
It is waterproof because of a special exterior coating, which doesn?t allow seepage of any body fluids.
It is very simple applied, biomass burned directly and yield heat
It is very interesting to note that newly born bees in the colony are nourished with diluted honey by the bees responsible for their supervision - as if they know this feature of the honey.
It is very hard to operate computer with an ugly working body
It is very hard for anyone to believe that this perfectly flying creature is the same as the caterpillar-like creature that left the water.
It is very difficult to determine what are the most popular of modern programming languages.
It is unsurprising if plastic is widely used.
It is unsurprising if NOS becomes a trend among automotive lovers as engine extra power source to multiply speed.
It is unquestionably impossible to claim that a fish could conceive of such a conscious plan, and act and carry it out.
It is unclear how far this trend will continue and how deeply it will impact programmer wages and opportunities.
It is unavoidable since the game is so racist and extreme.
It is unaffected by heat or radiation.
It is true that there is competition in nature however, there are clear models of self-sacrifice and solidarity, as well.
It is totally suitable for all kinds of land conditions.
It is therefore obvious that an ideal speed has to be maintained in order to spend the least amount of fuel.
It is the organic structure developing bones, teeth, joints, muscles, and skin.
It is the newest product from NEC.
It is the campaign launched by environmental group to criticize Indonesian palm oil industry sector.
It is the blood pressure that facilitates this penetration.
It is taken because the set tariff for high speed internet service in Bangladesh is too expensive.
It is surely implausible, to say the least, that the ancestor of reptiles lived much later than the first reptiles.
It is sufficient to send daily report on development activities and financial report via computer.
It is still much cheaper than the tour fare to the international space station which at present reaches USD 30 millions.
It is still being studied
It is still a big question until today how those small icy crystals were constructed.
It is stated in the report the launching of Microsoft Office has generated balance in current VoIP revolution.
It is stated in order to be more safe passengers? computer network must be separated from the flight system network of the airplane.
It is stated digital library is a library to store data, in form of writings, pictures, voices in electronic files and distribute them using electronic protocol via computer network.
It is spontaneously burned in the air and reacts fiercely in the water to burn hydrogen released.
It is simply miraculous not only that termites produce a fluid that can neutralise this system but also have organs that can deliver the fluid effectively.
It is scientifically unjustifiable to argue that such a perfect design as this could have come about haphazardly.
It is required by normal cell function because glycolisis is the only source of ATP in anaerobic condition.
It is reported the system is capable to track every aspect of human life, in this regard workers which are not in the offices.
It is reported from the research result conducted by the Center for Disease Prevention and Control in the United States of America.
It is really possible that the local direct call will be free of charge some day.
It is really beautiful and this view shows how high the cloud form at the atmosphere boundary is.
It is ready to fly with all its organs and organelles such as antennae, trunks, feet, chest, wings, abdomen and its large eyes.
It is quite clear that the lobster eye was created as a miraculous system.
It is proved through thousands of students and scientists crowding to America to study sciences and technnology
It is projected that GPS will be implanted in digital camera that can record point location of every photo taken.
It is preposterous to claim that fish acquired such a system by random mutations as soon as they stepped onto land.
It is predicted, Telkom, Telkomsel, and Excelcom are those telecomunication companies possible to take advantages from these incentives following their aggressiveness to expand to isolated ares.
It is predicted, new innovations of search engines that will compete fiercely with Google is service that uses semantic model searching system and aggregator that give searching results more compatible with the context.
It is predicted the bottle-nosed dolphin will deliver a birth in early 2009.
It is predicted that the people lived in prosperity, especially during the Archaic period.
It is predicted that the dark materials occupy one fifth of the universe.
It is predicted that accounts in popular websites such as Yahoo, Friendster, MySpace, and other websites of friendship networkswould continue receiving intrusions.
It is possible that when a participant of SPMB chooses to take chemistry study program he/she is not sure of his/her choice.
It is possible that the electronic devices  are also have high flexibility.
It is possible that Ramadhan or the Festive Days of Moslems greetings are more convenient via voice than SMS. However, greeting via SMS is more effective as it can reach many friends or relatives.
It is possible for human life to stay comfortable like today, though with less beautiful view of sky, if its size is as big as the galaxy with the diameter of 100 thousands years of light.
It is possible because atoms contained in graphite are exactly the same with atoms in diamond, the difference is only its structure and can be engineered with nano technology.
It is plausible if many companies, including cellular operators, take advantage of the ritual for the sake of image building to their customers.
It is plausible because laptop eases its users to do many things in mobile manner.
It is planned that this new company would extend collaboration with universities and computer courses institutions to sow the potency of game developers in Indonesia.
It is planned that pictures captured by the telescope can be browsed in the internet.
It is only a big thing falls problem to earth
It is only 4% is recyclable, and the rest accumulates in garbage dump.
It is one way to reduce greenhouse gas emission to atmosphere in order to overcome global warming.
It is often used to mean engineering documentation or software documentation, which is usually paper books or computer readable files such as HTML pages that describe the structure and components, or on the other hand, operation, of a system/product.
It is of public recognition that the company which manages electricity always faces loss
It is of no use insisting on such mere names in order to conceal clear truths.
It is obviously irrational to assume that bees have solved this task, which man can hardly manage.
It is obvious to everyone that each piece has been placed with great attention and precision.
It is obvious that this system is a product of conscious design.
It is obvious that the design in the lobster eye presents a great difficulty for the theory of evolution.
It is obvious that the bird is a product of a certain design.
It is obvious that the beetle performs these operations only as a reflex, unaware of the outcome.
It is obvious that mutations are solely a destructive mechanism.
It is obvious that honey, which is produced in much higher amounts than the requirements of the bees, is made for the benefit of man.
It is obvious that a being that has exalted knowledge and power - Allah - created the animal.
It is obvious enough how valuable this quality is in such dry climates.
It is now the wasps turn to bite.
It is noticeable that the sequence of operations that the control unit goes through to process an instruction is in itself like a short computer.
It is noteworthy that the amount of honey stored by bees is much greater than their actual need.
It is not surprising when Kiskenda then asked back about which prices, which programs and which services when the reporters asked about the prices in Telkomsel.
It is not surprising to learn both banks can compete with national banks to have share of banking market segment in North Sumatera.
It is not surprising the services as Telnet and FTP used widely during the early Internet era own such a big security gap
It is not surprising that the country with population over a billion and famous for Chinese Great Wall has a long tradition in science and technology culture and innovation.
It is not something new, let alone to be the advantage.
It is not possible to change water into fuels such as gasoline, diesel fuel, kerosene or avtur.
It is not only architects who benefit from study of the creation.
It is not instinct, a term with no definition, that guides bees but the inspiration mentioned in Surat an-Nahl.
It is not impossible the prediction of some researchers is correct that ice in the north pole will wholly melt down in summer.
It is not fair to let them operate without any charges at all while another cellular telephone must pay expensively
It is not even aware that the milk delivered by its body is of three different types.
It is not enough to flap wings up and down in order to maintain smooth flight.
It is not difficult for flies to get rid of any claps
It is not clear why, all refer to portal news websites appearances as future achievement and only become flat blog appearance as additional facility and romance of the past.
It is not certain yet whether global warming is the cause, but the event strengthens the opinion that ice melt down rate is less than its formation.
It is not alternative treatment , but, just complement therapy
it is not a complete living being, it has no consciousness, and it is totally unaware of the weather conditions outside.
It is necessary to provide access for teenagers to interact and communicate to each other in the internet, so it can open channels with other teenagers that are also stress suffered.
It is necessary that it should have gained the skill of both jumping and, at the same time, making a thread that will prevent it from falling.
It is named UB313, the object detected by space telescope Hubble has a diameter about 3001 kilometers
It is much better than curing the whole body which chemical drugs
It is most certainly impossible that all these dramatic physiological changes could have happened in the same organism at the same time, and all by chance.
It is interesting that the wasp especially chooses this part in the tarantula?s body, because this is the most sensitive section of the tarantula.
It is interesting that man and woman focus their attention on different parts of faces when they seek for their couples, said the researchers as cited by AFP.
It is increasingly the case that some websites are businesses in their own right.
It is in our mind that there are a small parts of inter-star materials like this contributing to our Universe contents.
It is impossible to overlook the blow that this system deals to the explanations of the theory of evolution through coincidence.
It is impossible to explain the clotting system of the blood through the hypothesis of coincidence or gradual development as asserted by the theory of evolution.
It is impossible not to see the flawless design in this example.
it is impossible for this insect to have developed this mechanism by itself.
It is impossible for the former to take on a load-bearing function, as they are not linked to the backbone.
It is impossible for birds to reach this knowledge, to make these calculations, or to make group flights according to these calculations.
It is impossible for an animal not possessing these characteristics to transform into a migratory animal.
It is impossible for a planned action to take place spontaneously.
It is important for us to be care with electronic equipment we sell, not only the new equipment but also the old one.
It is hoped that by 2008 ozone will be normal again
It is good news for patients with erection disfunctions since Anthony and his team have developed new cavernosa corpora, a spon cell consisting of blood during the erection.
It is getting difficult for anybody to be equal to Google.  
It is found in lepidolite in amount of 1.5% and produced commercially from this material.
It is found also in several waters in the world, such as Komoro, Madagascar, Tanzania, and South Africa.
It is for the first time we announce that computer keyboard and mouse can be the source of virus spread.
It is expected that with this Bridge initiatives agreement, Telkomsel?s steps towards the era of the new business would get full support from Global Industry which is represented by operators from 11 countries.
It is expected that when cells form binding matrices, the buffer can provide structural supports and after the tissues are formed, it disentangles.
It is expected that this service would increase the numbers of ZIS payers.
It is expected that this provision of telecommunication network infrastructure by Lintasarta would facilitate the public in paying their ZIS through an effective and efficient acceptance system.
It is expected that the implementation of information technology on library and archive services will attract public to visit the library either manually or online.
It is expected that it will occur again because the instruments function well at present.
It is evident that this system is an example of creation.
It is evident that these animals that do not possess wisdom and consciousness like men do were created specifically to do this job
It is evident that the bee has neither any knowledge on this subject, nor a laboratory in its body.
It is ever stated that the most abundant compound in nature is hopanoid compound because it has became the major membrane composing constituent of soil bacteria.
It is estimated that there is anti-carcinogen in our body that originates from food we consume every day.
It is estimated that the alternative fuel factory requires around 150,000 tons of sugar plant waste per year.
It is estimated that our body cells experience in average 25 thousands mutation process every day.
It is essential that wings should be tightly attached to the chest, and possess a structure able to lift the bird up and enable it to move in all directions, as well as allowing it to remain in the air.
It is essential that wings and feathers possess a light, flexible and well proportioned structure.
It is equipped with a totally different reproductive mechanism by its nature.
It is doubtful whether any genes that are not pleiotropic exist in higher organisms.
It is discussed here how electric generated by PLTA which is far away from town is distributed and used by people in downtown.
It is disclosed from the surveys conducted by online employment agency sites that companies rely on social network sites on whether to recruit or not candidates.
It is difficult to identify any one device as the earliest computer, partly because the term computer has been subject to varying interpretations over time.
It is difficult to give artificial insemination to female pandas which have their fertility period once a year.
It is difficult for law enforcers to stop drugs distribution in the internet.
It is different from bombers, which are designed to attack surface targets.
It is composed of a hard layer of a compound called sclerotin, which wraps the entire body and is attached to the chitin.
It is clear that this miraculous system of the human body is a wonderful artistry of God, Who created man from a single drop of water.
It is clear that these two issues compete.
It is clear that the lungs of a bird are another of the countless evidences that all creatures have been created by God.
It is certainly unreasonable to think that the beetle is such a specialised chemist and a miraculous designer as to be able to organise its body according to the reaction it will trigger.
It is certainly not the magical spell of coincidences that has made the plant such a professional hunter.
It is certainly cheaper than nuclear energy and equal with energy from fossil fuel-fired power station.
It is capable of changing hydrogen and oxygen compound into water, and this process will produce electricity.
It is called that because this reactor was made in china for the first time about 1930, then, since that time this reactor expand in several models.
It is by no means difficult for one to understand the might and omnipotence of Allah if one conscientiously examines, within the boundaries of wisdom and logic, the systems with which animals are endowed to get their food.
It is beyond doubt that all beings, with the features they possess, reflect the unbounded power and knowledge of their Creator.
It is better than the old way which needs several days.
It is better prior the operation the surgeon to warm up by playing game.
It is better for the System Designer to prevent any attacks with high probabilities, or any attacks which could result in huge loss.
It is believed the giant cat with its keen eye-tooth smaller than of tiger and body similar to Hyena, had ever lived in Africa, Eurasia, and North America in five to ten millions of years ago.
It is because the airplane trip in the air is really sensitive against weather phenomena like storm, clouds, smokes, and the like.
It is because of difficulties in choosing mechanism of chemical substances which provide information for certain taste and smell such as sweet, bitter, salt, fragrant aroma and reek.
It is astonishing that they have chosen a hexagonal structure rather than an octagonal, or pentagonal.
It is assumed that over time these fins turned into load-bearing feet.
It is as though they were just planted there, without any evolutionary history.
It is an expression of the perfection in the creation of God that an irreducibly complex organ structure such as the eye should be equipped with such a flawless chromatic system.
It is also used in special glass making.
It is also reported potentially to destroy the satellite signals
It is also impossible for this system to have developed in phases as suggested by evolution.
It is also going to the effect at wave  acceptance
It is also expected that the acceptance and distribution of ZIS would be better coordinated, so that the effectiveness of ZIS payment outcomes will be better felt by the public.
It is almost solely responsible for communication within our bodies.
It is accepted by evolutionists as a miracle of nature that cannot be re-examined.
It is a wise attitude if we don?t asked genetic to discotique or music  concert
It is a very important discovery since we will get  many intercorelated clues
It is a striking, but not much mentioned fact that, though geneticists have been breeding fruit-flies for sixty years or more in labs all round the world flies which produce a new generation every eleven days they have never yet seen the emergence of a new species or even a new enzyme.
It is a soft alkali metal, silvery and the second alkali that is very electro-positive.
It is a real correct unclear  to medical world
It is a purely hypothetical pre-bird, but one that must have existed.
It is a process of ice shelf break, like a jigsaw, even though its cuts are still attached and not being separated yet.
It is a helpful solution for us in reducing long distance communication cost.
It is a branch of siences, which tries to gain ideas from creatures to be developed as technology products inspired by the nature phenomena.
It interacts with users in a variety of ways including by reading cookies recognizing users previous history, session variables, server side variables etc.
It inspired a group of scientists in Massachusetts to make chips which was able to help human brain to telepathy to send a massage to the computer.  
It indicates the threat of global warming comes earlier.
it indicated that polymer layer pushed virus pathogen
It helps kidneys and intestines to function better.
It has to withstand external impact as well as the weight of the incubating parent.
It has the biggest acosystem in the world so that we must know the life patterns of the species under the sea
It has still not developed.
It has some positive effects in regulating and facilitating blood circulation.
It has only been a century since zips were invented.
It has been discovered that the flagellum moves by means of a very complicated ?organic motor? and not by a simple vibratory mechanism as was earlier believed.
It has been disclosed in the research that different fingerprints showed unique and different canal patterns for every individual, so they can be used as indicators of classical forensic identification, and furthermore they also indicate unique molecular residual component.
It has been calculated that the bird saves about 7% energy this way.
It has also local kid with potential to entertain the country?s name through his innovation in educational sector.
It has a very huge shape with 45 times of the sun mass and reflects 350 times higher than of sun.
It has a special ability: it can maintain its head in a perfectly still position in the air by facing the wind.
It has a pair of eyes, each of which features approximately thirty thousand different lenses.
It happens because the glass absorbs acoustic energy on a natural frequency.
It happened at that time I was the chaperon team, so knew exactly that Iran had progressed a lot.
It had sharp teeth of about 7 centimeter long.
It had not been solved yet
It generally collates information on the hop each time a page is requested.
It gathers very detailed information on shape, size, speed and structure of near objects.
It forces people to live without electric until the new electric generator has been finished
It forced the world leaders to develop the cheap and the welfare alternative energy
It favors organisms with traits that best enable them to cope with pressures exerted by the environment.
It fails to answer the question of how this flawless design in wings came about as the result of accumulative random mutations.
It eradicates the potential of the cell to become cancer cell.
It ends with the blockage of hundreds of websites
It empties its stomach and takes over the job of caring for the young.
It emitted about twenty thousand cycles in a second and could analyse all the reflected sounds.
It does not produce new species, new genetic information, or new organs.
It does not possess a will that can decide what is good and what is bad for living things.
It does not mean that students can use it directly because it requires large bandwidth to download software contained in the DreamSpark, he says.
It does not exist individually.
IT deals with the use of electronic computers and computer software to convert, store, protect, process, transmit, and securely retrieve information.
It could be observed at the British International Motor Show 2008 in London, lasted on July 23.
It could also be functioned as super capacitor, paper made battery can be operated at 300 degree Fahrenheit   to -100 degree Fahrenheit .
It contains vitamins B1, B2, C, B6, B5 and B3 all of which change according to the qualities of the nectar and pollen.
It climbs until its legs give in.
It certainly triggers curiosity on the advancement of the recording equipment.
It caused them to consult progressly on scientists and consumer group that related to the decision
It caused electrical lamp be hot
It cannot move around easily.
It can take off vertically from where it stands.
It can still be an issue with CRT displays when used to display the same image for years at a time, but modern computers aren't normally used this way any more, so the problem is not a significant issue.
It can make such accurate determinations by means of the perfect design of an echolocation system inside its skull.
It can fly in extraordinary zigzags through the air.
It can even feed on materials like caoutchouc that cannot be looked upon as food.
It can be seen from more and more businesses encroached by Google.
It can be moved by means of muscles attached to it from inside the body.
It can be carried out through firmness of the law officers
It can also sometimes be repaired by physically flicking the pixel, however it is always a possibility for someone to use too much force and rupture the weak screen internals doing this.
It can accelerate up to a speed that is quite surprising for an insect: 25 mph 40 km/h, which would be identical to an athlete running 100 metres in the Olympics at 24.4 mph 39 km/h.
It binds lipids such as cholesterol, hormones, billirubin, a toxic yellow bile pigment, or medicines like penicilin.
It becomes controversy because the stem cells are taken from embryo, should be respected as human
It because free radicals are chemical structures that possess free electron couples at the outer skin so they are very reactive and can react with protein, lipid, carbohydrate, or DNA.
it appears all at once and fully formed.
It also started from the user's carelessness toward the problem
It also serves as a burner grenade.
It also requires a source of heat, calcium for its bone development, protection of its fluids, protection against bacteria and physical impact.
It also functions as a protection against capillary problems and arteriosclerosis.
It also applies to services to customers, which can be  done safely and smoothly.
It also advised historians, promoted collaboration among academic organizations and museums, and raised funds for scholarship.
It a serious problem which swampy contaminate and it?s a month unknown yet.
Ishi and his team, without considering problems ethic and morality develop the weapon for benefid Japan
Ischemic produces super oxide and xantine.
Is this argument still valid today.
Is there a way to speed up the booting, so security check at the airport can be done faster.
Is that true?  Google?s capacity and credibility is put on stake.
is sea in Europe has materials that can beater by organisma.
is one that does not have web pages stored on the server in the same form as the user will view them.
is localised aging of the phosphor layer of a CRT screen where it has displayed a static bright image for many years.
Is it possible that such a systematic order could come into being spontaneously.
Is it likely that some years ago, a bird species, while finding direction, thought about making use of the magnetic field of the earth and invented a magnetic receptor for its own body.
is divided into several rigid segments, or tectonic plates, that gradually migrate across the surface over periods of many millions of years.
Irradiation of the sample resulted many molecules producing continuous fluorescence.
Ironically, neighboring country Malaysia exactly in advance looked at research prospect to high quality oil palm which grow in Raya the Botanical Garden.
Ironically, a neighbouring country, Malaysia was the first one to look at the prospect of researching on the quality palm plants which grow in the Bogor Botanical Garden, West Java.
Iran?s view referred to their needs and wish to develop their technology, while the other view was based on the concern and suspicion that a deviation would occur in this program-
Iran?s seeded figure,Seyed Sadra Sadraddini was the best in theory and also the most creative participant.
Iran seemed successful in improving its launching rocket ability and collected more data in order to make its rocket launching system perfect.
Iran scientist stated that they succeeded to clone sheep succeesfully until the sheep 15 month old.
Iran promises to embark its excellent astronauts within 10 years forward
Iran promises to embark astronauts within 10 years forward
Iran is ambitious to send people to space
Iran has long intended to develop space programs emerging worries to world leaders who are anxious towards Teheran's nuclear programs and ballistic rudals
Iran does not only stick on nuclear technology but also in fact secretly dreams to compete with developed countries to have control over space.
Iran confirmed its success in launching the first rocket to orbit.
Iran claimed had succeeded to clone rovana sheep
IPTEKnet cooperates with Advanced Telecommunications Research Institute International, which headquarter is in Osaka Japan, in developing Speech-to-Speech language translation technology for the component of Indonesian and Japanese languages, that can function in 2 directions.
IPTEKnet as one of the unit in BPPT has played active role in the event by launching new service.
iPhone is considered as a suitable vehicle for pornographic industry to sell, because it is equipped with web browser, video streaming and high quality picture.
Ionized molecules will be sucked into spectrometer mass chamber for existence measurement and chemical analysis.
Invitation letters for jagabaya or village security meeting in Masaran subdistrict, for example, does not need to be signed by Masaran subditrict head Yuniarti.
Investigation is still under way to uncover how this component managed to slip out of one of the most tightly secured location, Graphic Data.
Inventions of alphabet and Arabic numbers ease information transmission in a more efficient way than the previous methods.
Introduction of Flash technology marked the beginning of the third stage of web design history with its main purpose to deliver media content to the Internet users and attract more customers.
Introduce sciences to children through storybooks
Intially, the company was merely identical with a search engine in the internet.
Internet users will be pampered via this facility and in return will impact the company profit targeting USD 100 billions every year.
Internet users in Indonesia, at least at this time, are very much thirsty for adequate internet connection primarily at reasonable prices.
Internet users can see the chronology of more than 2,100 scenarios or possibilities of warming of the earth, watched from planet?s perspective or based on countries, and even based on cities.
Internet rental shops dan game centers joined in this scheme would be trained together to develop not only ways to provide basic services, and how to access the internet, but also - extending into - trainings, advertising, and game developing.
Internet addiction seems to break out in the world.
Internet access in aero plane is not a dream anymore, especially at overseas.
Internal sensor detecting brain cells activity along with outer processor that change motoric activity to be come an identification signal by computer.
Internal conditions were arranged differently from external conditions.
Intermediates between turtles and cotylosaurs, the primitive reptiles from which turtles probably sprang, are entirely lacking.
Interferon therapy is expensive enough, and remember generative side effect risk this therapy is not doing to the patient with the result of its therapy predicted not success.
Interferon recognize effective enough in pursuing growth of hepatitis virus.
Interestingly, this kind of business is just run by individuals, only from homes, not from officially registered companies with fledged names.
Interestingly, Darwin also worried about these very prospects.
Interestingly enough, the migration starts exactly on the night of the autumn equinox.
Interesting experiments were conducted to prove this theory.
Interest and talent of Indonesian human resources in creating robot is very high.
Interconected fuel combustion with the aaccomlishment of energy sector for make-up the economize of the country
Intelligence is created and entered into a machine to make it capable in doing work as done by human.
Intelligence is capability to acquire knowledge and use it.
Intel, Asus, Compal, Quanta and other laptop manufacturers have created Common Building Block standard for laptop parts.
Intel is still in an early level in the test of modifying laptop to receive energy without cable.
Intel introduces the smallest processors with the lowest energy consumption in Indonesia
Intel introduces atom processor
Intel claimed it could transmit electric through air.
Integration of both can be seen from reactoin of distillation process.
Integrated accessories are often of substandard quality.
Instruments in Evisatwhic monitored earth surface ocean and polar died also.
Instructions that modify the program counter are often known as jumps and allow for loops and often conditional instruction execution both examples of control flow.
Instead, the white storks complete their flights in three weeks by utilising warm air currents for up to 6-7 hours a day, which translates into big energy savings.
Instead, the web page content changes automatically and/or frequently based on certain criteria.
Instead, nearly all species can be recognized as belonging to a relatively limited number of clearly distinct major groups, with very few illustrating intermediate structures or ways of life.
Instead, it has a special energy source: bacteria use energy from the flow of ions across their outer cell membranes.
Instead, each basic instruction can be given a short name that is indicative of its function and easy to remember a mnemonic such as ADD, SUB, MULT or JUMP.
Inside, it uses only processor 300 MHz and memory 16 MB.
Inside this nutritious substance are sugar, proteins, fats and many vitamins.
Inside the cochlea, various tones of sound are distinguished.
Inside the acorn, the egg becomes a larva and starts eating it.
Insentives for Operator as soon as possible
Insects never face hardship maintaining it.
Insects are the most populous creatures on earth, which is largely because their bodies are very resistant to many adverse conditions.
Insects are one of protein-rich food alternatives
Insects and Robot Technology.
Insect wings combine both in one, using components with a wide range of elastic properties, elegantly assembled to allow appropriate deformations in response to appropriate forces and to make the best possible use of the air.
Input 6 mg lutein per day correlates strongly with low AMD prevalence.
innumerable transitional forms must have existed, but why do we not find them embedded in countless numbers in the crust of the earth.
Injecting CO2 into deep coal layer which is too deep to mine.
Initiated by Mizan which opened a free access on its website for visitors wishing to read a book entitled Imam Khomeini?s Sufistic Advise to His Son, Ahmad Khomeiniin electronic format.
Initially, 200 students took part in the first elimination stage to select the Indonesian representatives in international Olympiad arena.
Initially these facilities were available primarily to people working in high tech environments.
Initial strategy in war is to know your enemy.